{'label': 0, 'score': 0.029662763043291185, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0N9Odrmc", "stitle": "Big Search volunteer shows ` trap house ' associated with suspected sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "big search volunteer show ` trap house ' associate with suspect sex trafficking", "seg_content": "KANSAS CITY , Mo. -- The home sits abandoned along Independence Avenue with its doors and windows boarded up , gray paint chipped off in some part and graffiti on one side . Plenty of cars and pedestrians pass the property on a daily basis , but it can be easy to miss . But not for Bishop Tony Caldwell , who said it was one of several places targeted last weekend as part of a community-wide search for missing children and teens . `` It 's called a trap house , '' he said . `` A trap house is a house that drugs are sold out of , prostitution goes on . If you came through it at night , you will see lights going on in there . '' A small group of people sat outside the home Monday . While Caldwell could n't discuss exact details , he told 41 Action News that some people at the house were familiar with him . `` I ca n't say what we did at that house , but we knocked on the door and we introduced ourselves , '' he said . `` We made our presence known . '' Caldwell was one of almost 300 volunteers who took part in the Big Search KC last weekend , a coordinated effort helped find nine missing children and teens . The youngest was a 14-year-old . `` Some areas , I would n't put my dog in , '' Caldwell said . `` Seeing that everyday can damage you . I know I got really pissed off . '' For the second year in a row , the Big Search shined a light on the growing issue of sex trafficking in the Kansas City area . According to Caldwell , the problem impacts vulnerable people from all walks of life . `` Some come from really good families , some come from broken homes , '' he said . `` It can happen to anybody . It does n't matter the status of where you live , how much you make or what color you are . '' Kansas City 's centralized location making it a prime spot for trafficking , an issue Veronica 's Voice Executive Director Lucy Bloom said enough is n't being done to stop . `` We need to prioritize our law that identifies it as a crime to purchase somebody for a sex act , '' she said . `` It is our turn now to be the ones that will say we 're going to do everything we can to make sure that this does n't become the norm in our community . '' Caldwell said the efforts to find missing children and teens in danger would continue , even after the Big Search . `` There are youth waiting on us to go find them , '' he said . `` They 're begging for us to come together as a collective unit and rescue them . ''", "url": "https://www.kshb.com/news/local-news/big-search-volunteer-shows-trap-house-targeted-for-missing-children-and-teens", "text_category": null}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008936134935217594, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0NuGi4vt", "stitle": "Missouri Wants to Legalize Marijuana in 2020", "seg_title_stem": "Missouri want to legalize Marijuana in 2020", "seg_content": "Marijuana for adult-use is illegal in Missouri . The state 's residents voted to legalize medical cannabis in 2018 . Now , they have stepped up to get recreational marijuana legalization on the November 2020 ballot . Let 's take a look at the state 's initiative . Marijuana legalization in 2020 US states are working to legalize cannabis this year . There 's hope that federal-level legalization might be possible this year . However , states had been waiting for the Trump administration to make a decision . The states are taking matters into their own hands . A Marijuana Moment article reported that a proposal submitted last year has been cleared for signatures . The state has ensured that labeling and packaging details are strict . The proposal includes clear measures for labeling , advertising , and packaging to ensure that it does n't appeal to youth . Missouri will join many other states including Kansas and South Dakota . The proposal , if it qualifies , will legalize possession and purchasing of one ounce of marijuana for individuals 21 years and older . The purchase should be made from licensed retailers . Also , residents can also grow up to three plants for personal use . The state would charge a 15 % excise tax on adult-use marijuana sales . The state expects to earn $ 86 million -- $ 155 million in revenue annually by 2025 . John Payne , the campaign manager for `` Missourians for a New Approach , '' said , `` There is widespread support among Missouri voters to regulate , tax and legalize marijuana . '' The proposal also includes some amendments to the existing medical marijuana program in the state . Missouri residents got medical marijuana legalized in 2018 Missouri successfully put medical marijuana on the 2018 ballot . That 's how the state got medical cannabis legalization . Now , the cannabis laws in the state allow patients to grow up to six cannabis plants . The state also allows qualified patients to purchase 4 ounces of medical cannabis in a month . The tax rate on medical marijuana sales in the state is 4 % . There is n't a guarantee that taking the initiative to get recreational marijuana legalization on the ballot will allow the state to vote . Gathering signatures before the deadline is a crucial part . Recently , I discussed how , after a long attempt to gather signatures , Florida voters finally had to withdraw their campaign . First , Regulate Florida backed out after the group realized they would n't be able to gather enough signatures before the February 1 deadline . Later , the `` Make It Legal Florida '' campaign also backed out for similar reasons and decided to instead try for the 2022 ballot . However , not all of the hopes are lost in Florida . Florida lawmakers have introduced a proposal to legalize cannabis in 2020 . Missouri has a deadline until mid-May to gather 160,000 signatures to qualify for the November ballot . Also , any other restrictions could also appear and cause trouble . Moreover , marijuana legalization has always faced opposition from conservative lawmakers in the US . Cannabis companies and legalization Big names in the Canadian cannabis space like Aurora Cannabis -LRB- NYSE : ACB -RRB- , Canopy Growth -LRB- NYSE : CGC -RRB- -LRB- TSEWEED -RRB- , Cronos Group -LRB- NASDAQ : CRON -RRB- , and Aphria -LRB- NYSE : APHA -RRB- are waiting to expand into US markets . The demand is high in the US . The companies could easily launch their Cannabis 2.0 products in US states where the demand is high . Full-scale federal legalization would be a boon for the cannabis sector . Expanding in US markets would benefit the companies tremendously . The stock prices could increase as well . Cannabis stocks suffered in 2019 . However , January has been good for the marijuana sector . As of January 17 , Aphria has gained 0.96 % YTD -LRB- year-to-date -RRB- , while Aurora Cannabis has fallen by 1.3 % . Canopy Growth has increased by 18.0 % . Cronos Group has gained 11.4 % YTD . Stay with us to learn more about the marijuana sector and legalization updates .", "url": "https://marketrealist.com/2020/01/missouri-wants-legalize-marijuana-in-2020/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.591604471206665}, "second_cat": {"Society_Advocacy": 0.591604471206665}, "third_cat": {"Society_Advocacy_Other": 0.591604471206665}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04019024427336281, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0OFv6isk", "stitle": "Hallucinogenic drugs , marijuana , cash seized from Fargo garage", "seg_title_stem": "hallucinogenic drug , marijuana , cash seize from Fargo garage", "seg_content": "FARGO -LRB- KFGO -RRB- -- Police say a woman has been arrested in connection with a drug bust in Fargo . Twenty-four-year-old Kaylee Helgeson is facing charges which include possession of hallucinogenics and possession of marijuana with intent to deliver . After receiving a tip , police say they executed a search warrant in south Fargo . They found 34 pounds of marijuana , hallucinogenic drugs , paraphernalia and $ 2,840 in cash . Police used a canine to seize the drugs from a garage in the 1800 block of 39th St. South .", "url": "https://froggyweb.com/2020/02/26/hallucinogenic-drugs-marijuana-cash-seized-from-fargo-garage/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.8740313649177551}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.8740313649177551}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011547568457806667, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0OrUX1iB", "stitle": "Firefighters battle Mesa brush fire near Signal Butte Road", "seg_title_stem": "firefighter battle Mesa brush fire near signal Butte Road", "seg_content": "MESA , AZ -LRB- 3TV/CBS 5 -RRB- -- There is a brush fire burning in Mesa Friday evening . It is in the area of Signal Butte Road , south of U.S. 60 . Arizona 's Family news chopper was above the scene , where smoke from the fire filled the air . Our chopper capture fire crews below trying to contain the heavy smoke and flames . The blaze is in an area that 's not close to building structures . However , our chopper did spot a tent dwelling in bushes nearby . How the fire started is still unknown . It 's size and how much of has been contained , has not been confirmed yet . Stay with azfamily.com for the latest on this brush fire .", "url": "https://www.azfamily.com/news/arizona_wildfires/firefighters-battle-mesa-brush-fire-near-signal-butte-road/article_895db100-868b-11ea-9267-bbbde5afae54.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.026313899816477956, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'vagina': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0P8v0qoZ", "stitle": "Charger found in woman 's vagina , item returned to Walmart", "seg_title_stem": "Charger find in woman 's vagina , item return to Walmart", "seg_content": "We wish it was not true . It was a sticky situation when more evidence was discovered after a woman who stole from Walmart was being booked into the Marion County Jail . Marion County Sheriff 's Office Deputy Gregory Snodgrass , responded to the Walmart in ... READ MORE", "url": "https://mp.newsbreakapp.com/post/8367377?sig=0E3DEFAFEC71C8808B90221F3B0FD36F", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.5825370574810123, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'twat': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0PD8QqRO", "stitle": "Anonymous Puts Naomi Campbell on Blast Over Link to Jeffrey Epstein 's Sex Trafficking Ring", "seg_title_stem": "anonymous put Naomi Campbell on blast over link to Jeffrey epstein 's sex trafficking ring", "seg_content": "* As the rest of the world watches the chaos in America unfold over the disturbing death of George Floyd , the online hackers known as Anonymous have re-emerged to drop what they call `` The Little Black Book of Jeffrey Epstein '' . Among the names included in the book : President Trump , Bill Gates , Naomi Campbell and Prince Andrew . Whispers about Campbell , Gates , and their ties with Jeffrey Epstein , as well as the Royal Family 's link to pedophiles , have been out there for years . But for many online users , the news about Naomi 's connection to the notorious sex crimes offender comes as quite the shock . Several of our past Blind Items have highlighted Naomi 's alleged role in Epstein 's network of underage sex trafficking victims . Her ties with him reemerged over the weekend , amid the release of the four-part Netflix docuseries titled , `` Jeffrey Epstein : Filthy Rich , '' which explores his global criminal activity network . Twitter users have since been dragging Campbell over the controversy , forcing her to turn off the comments of her latest post on Instagram . OTHER NEWS YOU MIGHT HAVE MISSED : Black-ish 's Jenifer Lewis Pens New Song : ` Take Your Knee Off My Neck ! ' Watch/Listen ! Naomi Campbell in Epstein 's BLACKBOOK . #Anonymous pic.twitter.com/YACfEyRlp0 -- salma ͙ ⁺ ˚ * ･ ☆ -LRB- @GrimReapersDad1 -RRB- May 31 , 2020 Additional names listed in Epstein 's Little Black Book : Ivanka Trump , Phil Collins , and Tony Blair , republicworld.com reports . The documents also include details of a woman who filed a complaint against Trump and Epstein stating that they raped her when she was 13 years old . Anonymous addressed Trump directly about the matter , tweeting `` You had Jeffrey Epstein killed to cover up your history of child trafficking and rape . '' Check the tweet below : You had Jeffrey Epstein killed to cover up your history of child trafficking and rape . We 've have the recipts here : https://t.co/zYnSn3kCNe https://t.co/rfqlmd4Mm4 -- Anonymous -LRB- @YourAnonCentral -RRB- May 31 , 2020 One user reacted to the documents by writing , `` Am I reading this correctly ? It 's so disgusting to see so many women on this list . Especially when so many young girls were the ones being exploited @NaomiCampbell @IvankaTrump #EatTheRich #Anonymous . '' Another user shared an old photo of Campbell alongside Ghislaine Maxwell -LRB- Epstein 's alleged ex-girlfriend/procurer of teen girls -RRB- , and the Trumps along with the caption : `` This photo reveals all -- Naomi Campbell , Ghislaine Maxwell , and trump all in one photo ! #Anonymous really here exposing all these cover-ups . '' Twitter is deleting #Anonymous tweets about Trump & Epstein 's child rape case , details of Epstein 's little black book and the murder of Princess Diana -- do n't stop saving the pictures , tweeting and retweeting ! pic.twitter.com/CYKykXOesr -- Jayne -LRB- @stankidrauhl2nd -RRB- June 1 , 2020 Campbell shared a YouTube video back in August in response to a Daily Mail article that questioned her relationship with Epstein , Harvey Weinstein , Kevin Spacey and a `` hair-raising cast of characters '' with `` dubious and in some cases bloodthirsty reputations . '' The supermodel acknowledged that she 's `` not a saint '' and `` a work in progress '' but she made clear that she `` will not be held hostage by my past . '' This photo reveals all -- Naomi Campbell , Ghislaine Maxwell , and trump all in one photo ! #Anonymous really here exposing all these cover ups . pic.twitter.com/ekmd678e9d -- 平和と愛 -LRB- @SophieYeoo_ -RRB- June 1 , 2020 Anonymous also exposed that Princess Diana was killed by the royal family because she had evidence of their involvement in a child sex trafficking group , which Trump , Campbell and Chris Evans are alleged to have been linked to . According to anonymous , Tony Blair , Naomi Campbell , Duke & Duchess of York and the orange twat himself Donald Trump along with his wife . These are all names listed in Jeffrey Epstein 's little black book -- I will leave a link below . #OpDeathEaters https://t.co/5E3CgYR7px pic.twitter.com/WZJQrMjfHT -- Daniel -LRB- @astradanna -RRB- May 31 , 2020 It 's worth noting that protests over George Floyd 's death are going down and dominating the news cycle amid the release of the Netflix docuseries on Epstein . Distraction much ? Meanwhile , Anonymous blamed several people in power for the recent racial violence against Black people in America .", "url": "https://eurweb.com/2020/06/01/anonymous-puts-naomi-campbell-on-blast-over-link-to-jeffrey-epsteins-sex-trafficking-ring/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9846521019935608}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.9846521019935608}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.030662679087653754, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0PV0c0qL", "stitle": "Ghislaine Maxwell , Jeffrey Epstein 's confidant , arrested in sex abuse probe", "seg_title_stem": "Ghislaine Maxwell , Jeffrey epstein 's confidant , arrest in sex abuse probe", "seg_content": "Federal authorities arrested Ghislaine Maxwell , the longtime confidant of Jeffrey Epstein , on Thursday in New Hampshire in connection with the late , accused sex trafficker , authorities announced . She was taken into custody at about 8:30 a.m. in Bradford , officials said , and hours later appeared , via video feed , before Magistrate Judge Andrea Johnstone in Concord . Johnstone ordered Maxwell , who did not enter a plea , to be sent to New York City and kept in federal custody there . Maxwell was charged with six counts for acts committed between 1994 and 1997 and then allegedly lying to investigators in 2016 . Four counts are related to allegedly helping transport minors for sexual activity and two for perjury , according to the criminal complaint . `` Maxwell played a critical role in helping Epstein identify , befriend and groom minor victims for abuse , '' Acting U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss told reporters in Manhattan . `` In some cases , Maxwell participated in the abuse herself . '' FBI agents in New York , Boston , Newark and Albany had been keeping tabs on Maxwell before her arrest , officials said . She was living on a 156-acre property , in a 4,300-square foot timber frame house , purchased for a little more than $ 1 million late last year by an anonymized limited liability corporation , records showed . `` More recently we learned she had slithered away to a gorgeous property in New Hampshire continuing to live a life of privilege while her victims lived with the trauma inflicted on them years ago , '' said William Sweeney , assistant director in charge of the FBI in New York City . `` We moved when we were ready and Ms. Maxwell was arrested without incident . '' Prosecutors said Maxwell poses an `` extreme '' flight risk because she has access to substantial funds in multiple bank accounts and holds U.S. , French and U.K. passports and has frequently traveled to the U.K , Japan and Qatar . Given `` the seriousness of the allegations , the strength of the evidence , and the possibility of lengthy incarceration -- creates an extraordinary incentive to flee , '' according to prosecutors . In court on Thursday , a defense lawyer said Maxwell wants a bail hearing scheduled once her case reaches the Southern District of New York . Reached separately by NBC News , Maxwell 's lawyer declined comment . Multiple young women have accused Maxwell , 58 , the youngest daughter of the late British publishing magnate Robert Maxwell , of complicity in Epstein 's alleged sex trafficking ring . They say she either recruited them directly or provided logistical support , like scheduling visits to Epstein 's home . The abuse allegedly happened at Palm Beach , Florida ; Santa Fe , New Mexico ; and at Epstein 's home on the Upper East Side of Manhattan , officials said Thursday . `` Maxwell was the center of that sex trafficking ring . Now that the ring has been taken down , I know that I ca n't be hurt anymore , '' Epstein victim Jennifer Araoz said in a statement . Araoz accused Epstein of sexually abusing her when she was just a teenager and has sued Maxwell , claiming that she and other staffers `` conspired with each other to make possible and otherwise facilitate the sexual abuse and rape of Plaintiff . '' `` Day after day , I have waited for the news that Maxwell would be arrested and held accountable for her actions , '' Araoz said . `` Her arrest is a step in that direction , and it truly means that the justice system did n't forget about us . '' Victims were often treated to expensive shopping trips , travel and education so they 'd feel indented to Epstein , prosecutors said . Epstein gained the trust of victim , with crucial help from Maxwell , according to Strauss . `` Maxwell would discuss sexual topics with the victim and undress in front of the victim , '' Strauss said . `` Maxwell 's presence as adult woman helped put the victims at ease , as Maxwell and Epstein intended . This grooming process left the minor victims susceptible to sexual abuse . '' Maxwell 's alleged role came into sharper focus in August when unsealed court filings revealed depositions from Epstein 's former masseuses , staffers and associates . They painted a portrait of Maxwell as the accused sexual predator 's chief enabler . Epstein 's estate has sought to shield Maxwell from civil legal liability by classifying her as a former employee under the terms of the recently established Epstein Victims Compensation Fund , according to the administrator for the program . In order to receive money from the funds , victims must waive their right to sue any individuals employed by Epstein . Maxwell , through public court filings and statements , has denied any wrongdoing . Strauss on Thursday declined to discuss any details regarding Britain 's Prince Andrew , who once befriended Epstein and has been photographed with Maxwell . `` I 'm not going to comment on anyone 's status in this investigation , '' Strauss said . `` But I would say we would welcome Prince Andrew coming in to talk with us . We would like to have the benefit of his statement . '' Epstein was arrested July 6 last year at an airport in Teterboro , New Jersey , as he returned from Paris on a private jet . He was charged with one count of sex trafficking conspiracy and one count of sex trafficking , and faced up to 45 years in prison if found guilty . He pleaded not guilty and was denied bail . The indictment in his case showed that he sought out minors , some as young as 14 , from at least 2002 through 2005 and paid them hundreds of dollars in cash for sex at either his Manhattan townhouse or his estate in Palm Beach , Florida , federal prosecutors revealed last month . Before Epstein could stand trial , he was found dead in his Manhattan jail cell shortly after 6:30 a.m. on Aug. 10 of last year . His death was ruled a suicide . Several guards responsible for checking on Epstein 's cell during the course of the night were charged with falsifying records and never actually checking in on him . At the time of his death and throughout the year , federal prosecutors have vowed that the investigation into Epstein 's conduct and anyone who may have been involved in recruiting or facilitating his sex with minors will continue . Epstein had previously served 13 months of an 18-month sentence for two Florida prostitution charges . Epstein pleaded guilty in 2008 , after striking a plea agreement that many considered to be far too lenient and which hid its details from victims . The deal was agreed to by the former Secretary of Labor Alex Acosta , who was then the U.S. attorney in Miami .", "url": "https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/ghislaine-maxwell-long-time-jeffrey-epstein-confidante-arrested-connection-sex-n1232756", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.035572507364813245, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0PnMHwX8", "stitle": "In Loving Memory : Obituaries Of The Week August 2 , 2020", "seg_title_stem": "in loving memory : obituary of the week August 2 , 2020", "seg_content": "In Loving Memory : Obituaries July 27-Aug . 2 , 2020 ROBERTSON COUNTY TENNESSEE : -LRB- Smokey Barn News -RRB- * Refresh this page for updates and newly listed obituaries for this week . Obituary for Jim Arms Jim Arms , 76 , of Springfield , passed from this life on Friday July 31 , 2020 at North Crest Medical Center . Funeral services will be conducted Wednesday August 5th at 2:00 p.m. in the Oakhurst Chapel of the Robertson County Funeral Home with Pastor John Nelson officiating . Interment will follow in Springfield Memorial Gardens . The family will receive friends on Tuesday from 4:00 p.m. until 8:00 p.m. and on Wednesday from 12 noon until service time at the funeral home . Mr. Arms was born October 24 , 1943 in Cedar Hill to the late William Frank and Junie Morgan Arms . He was retired from Aramark , and then went to work as a courier with Hollingsworth Oil Company , from which he also retired . Mr. Arms was a member of Cross Roads Baptist Church , where he served as a deacon . He enjoyed both playing and watching the game of golf . The highlight of Mr. Arms life was spending time with his grandchildren . He attended every baseball , softball , basketball , and soccer games , and every dance recital , tennis match , and swim meets that his grandchildren were involved with . Mr. Arms is survived by his wife , Linda Wiseman Arms , whom he would be married to for 49 years on August 7th of this year , by his son : Andy Arms and his wife Melissa of Springfield , by his daughter : Angie Arms Wright and her husband Jeremy of Brentwood , by his brothers : Bob Arms and his wife Barbara Jean , and Wayne Arms all of Adams , and by his grandchildren : Tanner Wright , Taylor Wright , Juliana Wright , Drew Arms , Emma Joyce , and Will Joyce . If so desired , memorial contributions may be made to Cross Roads Baptist Church and the family will later decide what function of the church the donations will benefit . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Jerry V. Wooden Jerry V. Wooden , age 74 of Springfield , died Tuesday , July 28 , 2020 at Vantage Point Nursing Center in Ashland City after a long illness . Funeral services were conducted Friday , July 31 , 2020 at 10:00 AM in the Oakhurst Chapel of Robertson County Funeral Home with Bro . Bob Hogan officiating . Burial followed in Springfield Memorial Gardens with Richard Bellar , Roane Choate , Jason Duke , Brian Nicholson , Mike Stafford , and Shane Toole serving as pallbearers . The family received friends at the funeral home Thursday from 4 until 8 PM and Friday from 9 AM until the hour of service . Mr. Wooden was born October 25 , 1945 in Robertson County . He retired from Regal Chemical Company of Alpharetta , GA in 2012 . He also worked at The Family Store in Springfield and was a teacher and coach at Westside . Jerry was an exceptional basketball player in high school and at Austin Peay State University . He enjoyed all sports more recently as a spectator . He was preceded in death by his parents , Clarence Russell and Willie Bea Yates ; brothers , George , Robert , and Earl Wooden ; and sisters , Helen Rogers and Sue Campbell . Jerry is survived by his son Jerry Vernon Wooden II and wife , Karen of Pleasant View ; daughter , Julie Wooden Browning and husband , Sam of Murray , KY ; granddaughter , Greyson Jean Browning of Murray , KY ; brother , Ricky Yates and wife , Sandy of Cedar Hill ; and sister , Barbara Jean Berry of Chapel Hill . The family would like to thank the family and friends who have visited Jerry in the last few years . A special thanks from Jerry 's children to John and Mary Nicholson for visiting their dad every week . Your visits meant so much to him . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Arrangements for Lakesha Crowder Private Family Services Saturday , August 1 , 2020 At 12:00 Noon . Due to Covid-19 pandemic masks are required to be worn . Service will be live-streamed on W. D. Crowder Funeral Home Facebook Page . Interment : Monday , August 3 , 2020 At 9:00 Am Greenwood North Cemetery Nashville , Tn . Full obituary to be published soon . Arrangements entrusted to W. D. Crowder Funeral Home Obituary for Robert B. Johnson Robert B. -LRB- Bob -RRB- Johnson , age 85 of Hendersonville , passed away on Friday , July 31 , 2020 . He was a hardworking husband and father who loved his church , his family and his many friends . His hobby was talking and enjoyed talking to everyone he met . He was always on the go , and always doing something -- he never knew an idle moment . He was known to be very particular about taking care of his yard and enjoyed working there and loved caring for his flowers . He also loved UT Football and spoiling his grandbabies . He is preceded in death by his parents , James and Mabel Johnson ; his wife , Sarah Jane Johnson ; and a son , Douglas Allen Johnson . He is survived by his son , Stephen Johnson ; his daughter , Margaret -LRB- Bud -RRB- Judkins ; his grandchildren , Mason Johnson , Sarah Judkins and Gretchen Judkins ; and a sister , Peggy Yanda of California . No services are planned at this time , but there will be a gathering of family and friends scheduled and announced at a later date . Bob was always looking for ways to give back to the community that he so dearly loved . Because of this , his family requests that in lieu of flowers memorial donations be made in his name to the Samaritan Center of Hendersonville at 116 Dunn Street , Hendersonville TN 37075 or online at www.tnhsa.org Services have been entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Hendersonville . Obituary for Diana Lynn Grady Diana Lynn Grady , age 63 , of Springfield passed away Friday , July 31 , 2020 at her residence . A graveside service will be held at 2:30 PM on Monday , August 3rd at the Greenbrier Cemetery with Bro . Jon Briggs officiating . Pallbearers will be Jason Adcock , Jordan Bell , Danny Crabtree , Charles Holland , Allen Nash , Jr , and Conn Raymer . The family will receive friends 12pm to 2pm on Monday at the funeral home . Burial will be in the Greenbrier Cemetery . She was born in Madison , TN on October 30 , 1956 to the late Charles Lynn and Ethel V. Aldridge Holland . She was also preceded in death by a son , Christopher Armour . She was a member of Lights Chapel Baptist Church and was a clerical employ in the medical field . She enjoyed computer games , antiquing and fishing . She is survived by brother , Charles Dean -LRB- Rhonda -RRB- Holland of Greenbrier ; sisters , Regina -LRB- Allen -RRB- Nash of Greenbrier , Wanda -LRB- David -RRB- Coulter of Millersville ; grandchildren , Triston Armour , Dakota Armour and Leigha Pedan . Family and friends will serve as pallbearers . In lieu of flowers , contributions may be made to Monroe Carroll Children 's Hospital at Vanderbilt , 2000 Children 's Way , Nashville , TN 37232 . Services have been entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Greenbrier , Tn . Arrangements for Quincy D. Mitchell `` Stank '' Viewing and visitation Monday , August 3 , 2020 9:30 Am -- 12:00 Noon with Private Family services to follow At 12:00 Noon at W. D. Crowder Funeral Home 1800 John L Patterson St Springfield , Tn 37172 . Due To Covid-19 pandemic masks are required to be worn . Service will be live-streamed on W. D. Crowder Funeral Home Facebook Page . Interment : Restlawn Memorial Gardens . Full obituary to be published soon . Arrangements entrusted to W. D. Crowder Funeral Home Obituary for Linda McKinney Hand Linda McKinney Hand , age 66 of Greenbrier passed away Friday , July 31 , 2020 at Vanderbilt Medical Center . Funeral Service will at 12pm on Tuesday , August 4 at Greenridge Church of Christ with Bro . Jack Martin officiating . Pallbearers will be Eric Phillips , Dustin Shepherd , Bo Brendle , Tom Dalley , James Webb and Dalton Watson . Honorary pallbearers will be Thomas Mellinger and David Graham . The family will receive friends 4pm to 8pm on Monday , August 3 at Greenridge Church of Christ and 9am to 12pm on Tuesday , August 4 at the church . Linda was born in Clarksville , TN on November 11 , 1953 to the late William Robert and Velma Louise Bagwell McKinney . She was also preceded in death by her husband Randal Peyton Hand and sister-in-law , Celeste McKinney . She was a member of Greenridge Church of Christ where she served as church secretary for 25 years and then was owner of Bakers Market for 14 years . She was a loving and devoted mother and grandmother . She loved being outside and playing golf . She is survived by son , Shane -LRB- Mary -RRB- Hand of Pleasant View ; daughters , Miranda -LRB- Thomas -RRB- Mellinger of Greenbrier , Shanda -LRB- Eric -RRB- Phillips of Greenbrier ; brothers , Bill -LRB- Sara Jane -RRB- McKinney of Barren Plains , Tommy McKinney of Adams ; grandchildren , Tanner Mellinger , Tori Mellinger , Brooks Phillips , Aiden Phillips , Richard Rigsby , Bradon Rigsby , great-grandson , Noah Rigsby and special friend , David Graham . In lieu of flowers , contributions may be made to Greenridge Church of Christ . Services have been entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Greenbrier , Tn . Obituary for Evelyn Faye Johnson Evelyn Faye Johnson , 71 , left this life for eternal salvation on July 30 , 2020 . She was met in heaven by the love of her life , husband , Lawrence Johnson , father SF Shepard and brothers Frank and Donald Ray Shepard . Faye leaves behind a loving daughter , Kimber Dills -LRB- Greg -RRB- and grandson , Kamen Wren who was her pride and joy . She is also survived by her mother Ruby Shepard , siblings Dimple Warren -LRB- Mike -RRB- , Shirley Hester , Tippy Shepard -LRB- Linda -RRB- , Bill Shepard -LRB- Christine -RRB- , numerous nieces and nephews , extended family and dear friends . Faye was a creative light and artist 's soul . She was an accomplished painter , interior decorator , floral designer , and seamstress ; although her favorite hobby was dancing with her groom of 55 years . Faye loved her family most of all and was so many things to so many people . She was a constant fixture , cheering at Kamen 's baseball games and would play board games with Gunnar for hours on end . There are some who would bring a light so great to the world that even after they have gone the light remains . The loss is immeasurable , but so is the love and light she left behind . Funeral services will be held Tuesday , August 4 at Austin and Bell Funeral Home in White House . Visitation at Noon and service at 2pm . Memorial contributions may be made to Oneida Baptist Institute 11 Mulberry St. Oneida , KY 40972 . Faye had many special memories of her missionary work here . Pallbearers will be Daniel Stewart , Josh Walker , Todd Allman , Delvin Hester , Blake Hester and Kyle Hester . Honorary pallbearers Gunnar Allman , Mike Warren and Junior Meadows . Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Douglas P Gross Age 71 of Cross Plains , TN went home to be with the Lord Wednesday , July 29 , 2020 at his home . He was born July 28 , 1949 in South Bend , Indiana to Preston & Mardel Wilson Gross . He worked in the Heating & Air Business as an HVAC serviceman . He proudly served his country in the U.S. Marines during Vietnam and was a member of White Hill Community Baptist Church . He enjoyed fishing , deer hunting , playing pool and playing Texas Hold 'em . He never met a stranger and had an infectious sense of humor . He loved having cookouts and spending time with his family . He is preceded in death by his parents ; brother-in-law , Terry Scott . He is survived by his wife of 49 years , Margaret `` Peggy '' Gross , Cross Plains , TN ; sons , Jason -LRB- Michelle -RRB- Gross , Watertown , TN and Jeromy -LRB- Brandi Sharber -RRB- , White House , TN ; brothers , Terry Gross , Cross Plains , TN and Dempsey -LRB- Joann -RRB- Gross , Michigan ; sisters , Towana Scott , Portland , TN and Annie -LRB- Wes -RRB- Street , South Bend , Indiana ; 3 grandchildren , Christian Gross , Portland , TN , Savannah Gross and Andrew Gross , both of Watertown , TN ; numerous nieces and nephews . Funeral service is scheduled for Friday , August 7 , 2020 at 2pm in the chapel of Austin & Bell Funeral Home in White House with Bro . Ed Tinnin officiating . Interment will follow in White Hill Community Cemetery with military honors and with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation is planned for Friday , August 7 , 2020 10am until 2pm at the funeral home . Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Sarah Madelyn Mayes Sarah Madelyn Mayes , age 76 of Houston , TX formerly of Springfield , TN passed away Wednesday , July 29 , 2020 at her residence . Graveside Services will be held 12 pm on Tuesday , August 4th at Oakland Cemetery , Springfield , TN . Family and Friends will serve as pallbearers . She was born August 16 , 1943 in Springfield , TN to the late William Allie and Ruth Brown Carroll . She was also preceded in death by 3 brothers . She was a Manager for AT&T for 47 years . She is survived by son , Jeff -LRB- Suzie -RRB- Mayes of Houston , TX ; sister , Irene Page of Cedar Hill , TN ; grandchildren , Kristen , Kyle , Kody ; great-grandchildren , Bobby , Rebecah and Bentley . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . -LRB- Updated -RRB- LAST WEEKS OBITUARIES Obituary for Mrs. Donna Louise Watts Groves Mrs. Donna Louise Watts Groves , age 71 , of Orlinda , died Monday , July 27 , 2020 at Hendersonville Medical Center . Funeral services will be conducted Sunday August 2nd at 2:00 p.m. in the Oakhurst Chapel of the Robertson County Funeral Home . Interment will follow in Portland Memorial Gardens with Josh Likens , JP King , Eddie Watts , Matthew Groves , Jody Thompson , and Lee Goostree serving as pallbearers . The family will receive friends on Saturday from 4:00 p.m. until 7:00 p.m. and on Sunday from 12 noon until service time at the funeral home . . She was born December 22 , 1948 in Springfield , TN , and is the daughter of the late Otto and Olean Shoulders Watts . Mrs. Groves was preceded in death by her husband of 32 years , Donnie Groves . She is survived by her son : Scott Pitt of Cross Plains , by her daughter : Carol Pitt Likens of Hendersonville , by her step-son : Danny Groves -LRB- Melissa -RRB- of Portland , by her step-daughter : Wendy Thompson -LRB- Jackie -RRB- of Portland , by her brother , Glenn Watts -LRB- Linda -RRB- of Greenbrier , by her grandchildren , Jesse Likens , Josh Likens , Kayla Love , Christy Wright , Jody Thompson , Matthew Groves , and Kara Dickens , by her three great-grandchildren , many cousins , nieces , and nephews . Donna always had radiant smile on her face . She loved the Christmas season and her hobbies included antique shopping and collecting Fenton Glassware . Donna loved to travel with Donnie and adventures took them far and near . The family requests in lieu of flowers , to please make donations to St. Jude Children 's Hospital , 262 Danny Thomas Place , Memphis , TN 38105 . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Sherrie Ann Jones Wiggins Sherrie Ann Jones Wiggins , age 75 of Springfield , TN died Sunday July 26 , 2020 at her home . Funeral services were held at 1 pm on Saturday August 1 , 2020 in the Oakhurst Chapel of the Robertson County Funeral Home with Bro . Walter George officiating . Burial followed in the Mt. Carmel Cemetery with Jack Wiggins , Scott Wiggins , Troy Walling , Grant Garst , Jeff Garst , Marty Cook , Chris Cook . James Riley , Will Ed Osborne , Samuel Osborne and Joey Randolph serving as pallbearers . The family received friends at the funeral home on Friday from 4 pm until 7 pm and again on Saturday from 11 am until service time at 1 pm . Sherrie was born April 17 , 1945 in Nashville , TN to the late George Gilbert Jones and Fronie Ruth Bowers Jones . Her sister , Glenda Hayes also preceded her in death . She was a member of Mt. Carmel Baptist Church where she taught Sunday School for a time . Sherrie was a 1963 graduate of Clarksville High School and a 1967 graduate of Austin Peay College , later getting her Masters plus 45 degree . She retired from teaching physics and chemistry , the last 20 years at Greenbrier High School where she was a Career Ladder 3 teacher . She was Teacher of the year once and served as president of the Robertson County Teachers Association . She was an accomplished pianist . Surviving Sherrie are her college sweetheart and husband , John Bynum Wiggins III of Springfield ; sons and daughter 's - in-law , John Bynum -LRB- John B. -RRB- Wiggins IV and Kerry of Cross Plains , TN and David Randolph Wiggins and Tiffany of Decatur , TN ; brother , George Gilbert Jones Jr. of Miamisburg , OH ; sister 's and brother-in-law , Juanita Osborn and Larry of Fairfax , VA and Connie Sue Jones of Tarrytown , NY ; brother-in-law , Johnny Hayes and grandchildren , Jack Wiggins , Scott Wiggins and Kate Wiggins . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Herbert Eugene `` Gene '' Pack Herbert Eugene `` Gene '' Pack , 80 , of Greenbrier , passed away on Sunday July 26 , 2020 at his home . Funeral services were conducted Friday July 31st at 1:00 p.m. in the Oakhurst Chapel of the Robertson County Funeral Home with Eric Pack and Ron Smiley officiating . Interment followed in EverRest of Cheatham with David Beard , Zachary Beard , Dustin Beard , Darin Kendall , Jim Kilgore , and Ron Smiley serving as pallbearers . The family received friends on Friday from 10:00 a.m. until service time at the funeral home . The family requested that everyone planning to attend the visitation and/or funeral service , to please comply with the County Mandate Order of wearing a mask or facial covering and to also comply with the CDC guidelines of social distancing . Eugene was born February 27 , 1940 in Williamson County . He attended West High School where he helped lead the boys ' basketball team to their best regular season record in the school history , earning a place in the 1959/1960 regional tournament . Sometime thereafter , he left school and began working to support his family after the death of his mother . At some point , through mutual friends , Herbert Eugene Pack met Linda Joyce Clement . They must have been smitten as they soon were engaged and were married September 14 , 1963 and would celebrate their 57th wedding anniversary this year . He worked for local food service and trucking companies including Kraft and Sysco . By working many hours , he supported his wife and family , that he loved so much and that he always wanted to have the best possible . Eugene and Linda raised three children together , Angela , born in 1969 , Eric , born in 1971 , and Stephanie , born in 1974 . All three children married later in life and they were then blessed with 3 grandchildren , Ashlea , Amber , and Autumn , and then by 2 great grandchildren : Gabriel and Lily . Family brought great joy and spending time with family was one of the most important things to Eugene and Linda . They often opened their home for cookouts , celebrations , and weekly dinners . Eugene led his family spiritually and made sure that they were part of a church and provided an example of seeking God , reading the Bible , and looking towards God in all situations . He was a man of great integrity , great character , and great love for his family and friends . Eugene will be forever missed but his family is grateful for God 's promises and they find comfort that his resting place is in heaven where he has been reunited with his family , loved ones , and where they will each see him again . Eugene was preceded in death by his parents : William Herbert and Addie Mae Hughes Pack , and by his sister : Marie Beard . He is survived by his wife : Linda Clement Pack of Greenbrier , son and daughter-in-law : Eric and Bethany Pack of Bethpage , daughters and sons-in-law : Angela and Ron Smiley of Greenbrier , Stephanie and Jim Kilgore of Nashville , by his grandchildren : Ashlea -LRB- Colton -RRB- Crain , Amber -LRB- Darin -RRB- Kendall , and Autumn Smiley , by his great grandchildren : Gabriel and Lily Prosser , and by his nephew : David Beard . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Alice Bailey Alice Bailey , age 95 of Greenbrier , died Sunday , July 19 , 2020 at Stone Ridge Healthcare in Ridgetop . Her remains were cremated and no services are planned at this time . Mrs. Bailey was born December 13 , 1924 in Hilo , HI . She was one of five children born to the late Tokichi and Tei Takahi Honma . Before her health declined , she attended South Haven Baptist Church . In addition to her parents , she was preceded in death by her son , Jeffrey Lutas ; a daughter , Dianne ; and a great grandchild , Avery . She is survived by her daughter , Lordes Hauanio of Hawaii ; special friend , Norma Bass of Greenbrier ; 4 grandchildren ; 11 great grandchildren ; and 5 great-great grandchildren . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for John David Wilson John David Wilson , age 69 of Springfield passed away Saturday , July 25 at his home . Funeral Services were held on Wednesday , July 29 at 12pm with Rev. Doug Spain officiating and Ronnie Pendleton , Jerry Arms , Josh Tripp , Brandon Chapman , Kenny Carrolland and Kenny Carlisle serving as pallbearers . Burial followed in Springfield Memorial Gardens . The family will receive friends on Tuesday , 4pm to 8pm and again on Wednesday , 10am until time of service at 12pm at the funeral home . Mr. Wilson was born in Springfield on December 23 , 1950 to the late Robert Lewis Wilson and Sallye Mae Horn Wilson . He attended Grace Free Will Baptist Church . He worked in the body shop at Payne Chevrolet for 45 years . He enjoyed farming , fishing and woodworking . He was a hardworking man who loved his family and especially his grandchildren very much . He is survived by his mother , Sallye Mae Horn Wilson ; wife , Pamela Gayle Pendleton Wilson ; daughters , Angela -LRB- Tim -RRB- Teasley , Amanda Wilson , Alisha -LRB- Jason -RRB- Hester ; grandchildren , Makayla Ellis , Makenley Ellis , Haley Hester , Izzy Hester , Kimber Teasley ; brothers , James -LRB- Sandy -RRB- Wilson and Paul -LRB- Maria -RRB- Wilson . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Benjamin Henry Lewis Services Pending Obituary for Mae Galdoni Mae Marie Galdoni , age 89 of Pleasant View , Tennessee formerly of Michigan died Friday , July 24 , 2020 at her daughter 's home . Mrs. Galdoni 's funeral services will be held in Livonia , Michigan at a later date . Their website is www.mannsfuneralhome.com . Mrs. Galdoni was born on May 23 , 1931 in Farmington , Michigan to the late Frank and Pearl Ross Brown . She retired as a cafeteria manager . She enjoyed going on vacations , playing with her grandchildren , and loved watching fireworks . She was a member Galilean Baptist Church . In addition to her parents , she is preceded in death by her first husband William Richardson , her second husband , Raymond Galdoni ; and sisters , Anna Baker , Mary Teeples , and Frances Brown . She is survived by her son , Robert -LRB- Sue -RRB- McDonald of Fenton , Mi. ; her daughter , Mary Jane -LRB- Steve -RRB- Molepske of Pleasant View ; grandchildren , Aiden Molepske , Tammy Marie -LRB- Jim -RRB- McGaugh , and Crystal Sue Sinarski ; and nine great-grandchildren . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View assisted the family in these arrangements . 6316 Highway 41A , Pleasant View , Tennessee 37146 Obituary for Barbara A Smythe-Tidwell Age 71 of Smyrna , TN , formerly of White House , TN passed away Wednesday , July 22 , 2020 at The Residence of Alive Hospice in Nashville . She was born March 5 , 1949 in White House , TN to James William & Nancy Evelyn Gregory Searcy . She worked as a factory worker and in food service before her retirement . She attended White House Church of Christ . She is preceded in death by her parents ; two brothers , Wayne Searcy and Stevie Searcy . She is survived by her son , Michael Smythe ; daughter , Dena Johnson , both of Nashville , TN ; three grandchildren , Sarah , Katie and Rachel ; one great-granddaughter , Sadie . Funeral service was held Friday , July 24 , 2020 at 1pm in the chapel of Austin & Bell Funeral Home in White House with Bro . Richard Garza officiating . Interment followed in Palmer Cemetery with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation was held Friday , July 24 , 2020 10am until the time of the service at the funeral home . Memorial contributions may be made to Second Harvest Food Bank 331 Great Circle Road Nashville , TN 37228 or to The Wounded Warrior Project 223 Rosa L. Parks Blvd , Suite # 201 Nashville , TN 37203 Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Virginia White Virginia Nichols White , age 95 , of Springfield , passed away Wednesday , July 22 , 2020 at NHC Healthcare . Funeral services were held Friday , July 24 , 2020 at 10am in the chapel of the Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield with Reverend Bradley Van Vleet officiating . Burial followed in the Springfield Memorial Gardens with Scott Prowse , Andy Prowse , Cole Van Vleet , Luke Van Vleet , Bryan Van Vleet , Jordan Vaughn , Nathan Vaughn , Kaleb Vaughn , Daniel Ashburn , Michael Ashburn and Sawyer Hilliard serving as pallbearers . Visitation was held at the funeral home on Thursday , July 23 , 2020 from 4-8pm and again on Friday from 9am until the hour of service at 10am . Mrs. White was born May 22 , 1925 in Springfield to the late Herbert and Lula Ellis Nichols . She was a homemaker , member of the Flewellyn Baptist Church and liked basketball games , going to the Catfish House and country music . Mrs. White was an `` all around good farmer 's wife . '' She loved the happy life she and her husband had created for themselves and their family . In addition to her parents Mrs. White is preceded in death by her husband , John `` Billy '' White , her brother , Ellis Nichols and her sister , Lorena Fuqua . Mrs. White is survived by her sons and daughters-in-law , Kenny and Susan White of Springfield and Billy and Linda White of Barren Plains ; daughter and son-in-law , Rita and Tim Prowse of Springfield ; brother , Earl Nichols of Springfield ; 7 grandchildren ; 17 great-grandchildren ; and 2 great-great-grandchildren . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Francis Bernard McNutt Jr Age 82 of White House passed away Wednesday , July 22 , 2020 at Skyline Medical Center . He was born May 31 , 1938 in Salem , West Virginia to Francis Bernard & Mary Molean Dillion McNutt . Mr. McNutt proudly served his country in the USAF , where he retired as a Lieutenant Colonel after 24 years of service , having served two tours in Vietnam . He also served in Japan , the Philippines and in Berlin , Germany . He was a proud member of MOAA and attended White House First United Methodist Church . He collected old cars and enjoyed gardening and spending time manicuring his yard . He is preceded in death by his parents ; two step-sons , Donald L. Spink and Michael D. Spink . He is survived by his loving wife of 22 years , Mary McNutt , White House , TN ; sons , James Campbell `` Cam '' -LRB- Stacey -RRB- McNutt , Beaumont , TX , John Huntington `` Hunt '' McNutt , Tachikawa , Japan and William Hood `` Will '' McNutt , Greencastle , IN ; step-son , Nicholas J. `` Nick '' -LRB- Diane -RRB- Graham , Kosciuslo , MS ; sisters , Suzanne Kinch , Casa Grande , CO and Mary Molean ; 3 grandchildren , Noa McNutt , Brinn McNutt and Tanner McNutt ; 2 step-grandchildren , Tyler Spink and Kaitlin Garrett . A memorial service will be scheduled at a later date due to the Covid-19 restrictions at the present time . Memorial contributions may be may to MOAA , the Hendersonville VFW or to Second Harvest Food Bank . This obituary will be revised when a memorial service is scheduled . Mr. McNutt 's ashes will be buried at Rural Hill Cemetery in McCool , MS at a later date with full military honors . Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Stanley Walter Clevett Age 96 of White House passed away , Tuesday , July 21 , 2020 at White House Health Care & Rehab . He was born June 15 , 1924 in Souris Manitoba Canada to Reuben & Alice Cathline Flyer Clevett . He worked as a sheet metal worker until his retirement and was a member of the Sheet Metal Workers Local # 104 Union for over 35 years . He loved history and was a world traveler . He is preceded in death by his parents ; wife , Mary Clevett ; 2 brothers , Harold Clevett and Jerry Clevett . He is survived by his sweetheart of 16 years , Jan Pool , White House , TN ; sons , Walter -LRB- Cindi -RRB- Clevett and Arnold Clevett , both of California ; daughters , Rita -LRB- Roy -RRB- Garcia , Morgan Hill , CA and Stanlie -LRB- Curt -RRB- Daniels , Gettysburg , PA ; brother , Bruce -LRB- Janet -RRB- Clevett , Manitoba , Canada ; 10 grandchildren ; 15 great-grandchildren . There are no services or visitation scheduled . Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Patsy Dowlen Patricia `` Patsy '' Ann Dowlen , age 77 of Pleasant View , Tennessee , died Tuesday , July 21 , 2020 at her home . Funeral services were held at Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View at 1 o ' clock pm on Thursday , July 23rd , with Pastor Chris Royalty officiating . Burial followed in Dowlen Cemetery with family and friends serving as pallbearers . The family received friends at the funeral home from 4:00 PM until 8:00 PM on Wednesday , July 22 , and again on Thursday , from 11AM until the hour of service at 1:00 PM . Mrs. Dowlen was born on October 6 , 1942 , in Nashville , Tennessee to the late Cecil W. and Helen Elder Burns . She was a cook for many years at the local grocery store formerly known as Foodtown , and enjoyed reading and working puzzles . Mrs. Dowlen was a member of the 24 Church . In addition to her parents , she is preceded in death by her son , Scott Cole . She is survived by her loving husband , Marvin Dowlen Sr. ; sons , Marvin Dowlen , Jr. , Kerry Dowlen , and Tracy -LRB- Regina -RRB- Dowlen ; daughters , Susan -LRB- Mark -RRB- Bradshaw , Teresa -LRB- Mitch -RRB- Walker , and Pam Ivey ; a brother , William C. -LRB- Anna -RRB- Burns ; granddaughter , Chelsea -LRB- Peter -RRB- Garratt , nine step-grandchildren ; and 6 step-great-grandchildren . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View is in charge of these arrangements . 6316 Highway 41A , Pleasant View , Tennessee 37146 Obituary for Annie Mantlo Annie Lucille Mantlo , age 99 , of Bowling Green , KY and formerly of Springfield , passed away Monday , July 20 , 2020 at Greenwood Nursing and Rehab Center . A Graveside Service was held Thursday , July 23 , 2020 at 11am in the Springfield Memorial Gardens with Reverend Jerry Wallace officiating . Burial followed . There was no visitation prior to the graveside service . Mrs. Mantlo was born April 14 , 1921 in Robertson County to the late Edgar Hulon and Mattie Holman Porter . She was a home maker and member of the Springfield First United Methodist Church . Mrs. Mantlo was a member of the Red Hat Society and was also involved in activities with the Robertson County Senior Center . In addition to her parents Mrs. Mantlo is preceded in death by her husband , James L. Mantlo , her sisters , Hazel Armstrong , Eva Harris and Rebecca Leding , and her brother , Edgar Porter . Mrs. Mantlo is survived by her son and daughter-in-law , Ron and Joyce Mantlo of Bowling Green ; daughter and son-in-law , Janice and Johnny Guthrie of Nashville ; and grandchildren , David Mantlo , Angela George , and Michael Guthrie ; and 9 great-grandchildren . If so desired memorial contributions may be made to the Springfield First United Methodist Church . Any donations may be sent in c/o Austin & Bell . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements .", "url": "https://smokeybarn.com/in-loving-memory-obituaries-of-the-week-august-2-2020/", "text_category": null}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2073886974486932, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0PnkiRXA", "stitle": "Naked Man Walks Through Walmart Store in Breaux Bridge -LSB- VIDEO -RSB-", "seg_title_stem": "naked man walk through Walmart Store in Breaux Bridge -lsb- video -rsb-", "seg_content": "Are n't you glad you do n't see this every day ? A naked man reportedly made his way through the Walmart store in Breaux Bridge and he was seen knocking things over as customers attempted to get out of his way . Some on social media say that the man appeared to be under the influence of something and in this video below you can see the man exiting the store . A person in the store tells me that the fire alarms in the store were going off while the man walked through the store and kids in the store were seen crying . According to a police officer on social media , the man was arrested at the scene . We are also told that the man allegedly attacked and chased people in the store .", "url": "https://classicrock1051.com/naked-man-walks-through-walmart-store-in-breaux-bridge-video/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6031732823037997, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Po5DE0Z", "stitle": "PICTURED : Mother who had her breast fondled by a cop AFTER her death , family is starting lawsuit", "seg_title_stem": "picture : mother who have she breast fondle by a cop after she death , family be start lawsuit", "seg_content": "A Los Angeles Police Department cop who was fired for fondling a dead woman 's breasts is now being sued . Elizabeth Baggett , 34 , passed away in her apartment in LA last October . The cause of her death has not been revealed yet , but officer David Rojas was one of the policemen who were sent to check on her . As soon as his partner exited the room , Rojas switched his bodycam off . He did not know that such cameras keep on recording for two more minutes after being turned off and fondled the dead woman 's breasts , persecutors say . The reason for his camera being checked by police bosses is unclear but they acted and he was subsequently removed from his position . Rojas pleaded not guilty to sexual contact with human remains without authority . Elizabeth 's loved ones are now suing the cop as well as other LAPD employees who 've seen the footage . The family is alleging an invasion of privacy and say that the cops who 've seen the footage inflicted emotional harm on them . During an LA press conference this week , Elizabeth 's mother , Janet said her child , who was in the arts , was `` full of life . '' Elizabeth is survived by her 15-year-old boy , Preston . Attorney Gloria Allred , who is fighting on behalf of the family , read a statement from the son . '' -LSB- Rojas ' -RSB- behavior was vile . He does not deserve to be a police officer , '' he said . Allred also made a statement saying : `` The unexpected loss of Elizabeth has been devastating for this family , and learning that she and her remains have been so disrespected and violated has compounded the loss and inflicted horrific pain and suffering on her loved ones . Learning , too , that the video of her alleged sexual molestation has been viewed by others sickens them and is deeply disturbing . So many woman are sexually abused during their lifetime , and now we learn that some are even sexually victimized after their deaths . To add insult to injury , the knowledge that a police officer , during the course of his investigation of the death of a young woman , would take advantage of his position of power and trust to allegedly sexually abuse the body of a deceased person is very upsetting . It is not only against the law , but it is also against all sense of human decency . '' What are your thoughts on this officer 's despicable actions ? Let us know by joining the conversation in the comments and please share this article if you 've found it informative . Source : Daily Mail", "url": "https://iheartintelligence.com/pictured-mother-who-had-her-breast-fondled-by-a-cop-after-her-death-family-is-starting-lawsuit/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999958276748657}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999958276748657}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03307474271454188, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Pq6Pos6", "stitle": "In Loving Memory : Obituaries Of The Week August 9 , 2020", "seg_title_stem": "in loving memory : obituary of the week August 9 , 2020", "seg_content": "In Loving Memory : Obituaries Aug. 3-9 , 2020 ROBERTSON COUNTY TENNESSEE : -LRB- Smokey Barn News -RRB- * Refresh this page for updates and newly listed obituaries for this week . Obituary for Claude Gene `` Trey '' Barbee , III Claude Gene `` Trey '' Barbee , III , 46 , of Hermitage , passed away on Wednesday August 5 , 2020 at Southern Hills Medical Center . A Celebration of Trey 's life will be held at a future date . He was born September 21 , 1973 in Springfield , the son of C.G. and Wynne Ann Angel Barbee . Trey was a graduate of Springfield High School and Western Kentucky University . He had worked as an Optician at both Doctor 's Value Vision and Wal-Mart Vision Center . He was a member of Main Street Church of Christ . Trey loved playing cards , reading , both playing and watching Tennis , and watching Kentucky basketball . His greatest enjoyment in life was making others laugh . He was preceded in death by his grandparents : Jim and Mary Ann Angel , and Gene Barbee , and by his niece : Baby Sanford . Trey leaves to cherish his memory , his parents : C.G. and Wynne Ann Barbee of Springfield , his brother : Todd -LRB- Alea Overby -RRB- Barbee of Springfield , his sister : Angel Barbee of Springfield , his grandmother : Elsie Barbee of Springfield , his niece : Halley Sanford , his nephews : Brandt and Gunner Barbee , and by many aunts , uncles , cousins , and friends . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Linda Adams McCollum Age 73 of White House passed away Saturday , August 8 , 2020 at her home . She was born January 14 , 1947 in Asheville , NC to Charles & Lauretta Johnson Adams . She was the owner/operator of several Buck Stove Companies before her retirement . She enjoyed going to yard sales , spending quiet time at home and also spending time with her family , who she loved so much . She also enjoyed decorating . She is preceded in death by her father , Charles Adams ; sister , Iris Burrell . She is survived by her mother , Lauretta Johnson Adams , Asheville , NC ; sons , Roger Hall , Cottontown , TN , Darrell -LRB- Lara -RRB- Hall , Durham , NC and Terry -LRB- Debbie -RRB- Adams , Asheville , NC ; daughter , Angie -LRB- Gerard -RRB- Monahan , Cottontown , TN ; 9 grandchildren , Rachel -LRB- Brent -RRB- White , Payton Adams , Lea Monahan , Tara Stewart , Justin Hall , Olivia Hall , Christian Hall , Kaylee Hall and Joseph Monahan ; 3 great-grandchildren , Lily Adams , Megan White and Liam Atkinson . There are no services or visitation planned at this time . Memorial contributions may be made to Alive Hospice 1718 Patterson Street Nashville , TN 37203 Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Sharon Robinson Haynes Sharon Robinson Haynes , age 79 , of Cross Plains , passed away Friday , August 07 , 2020 at Skyline Medical Center in Nashville . Funeral services were held Sunday , August 9 , 2020 at 2pm in the chapel of the Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield with Brother Charles Baugh and Brother Bobby Strickland officiating . Visitation was held one hour prior to the service at 1pm . Live Stream Link will be available through the Austin & Bell website . Facebook : -LRB- need an active account to view -RRB- https://www.facebook.com/Sharon-Haynes-Memorial-579660942730283/ Twitch : -LRB- do not need to setup an account to view -RRB- https://www.twitch.tv/sharon_haynes Burial will be held Thursday , August 13 , 2020 at 12pm at Spring Hill Cemetery with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Mrs. Haynes was born April 1 , 1941 in Nashville to the late Kirk and Addie Evelyn Sells Robinson . She was a teacher at Stratford High School and member of the White House Church of Christ . In addition to her parents Mrs. Haynes is preceded in death by her husband , George Holbert Haynes . She is survived by her daughter and son-in-law , Dianne and David Sturdivant of Cross Plains ; and her grandchildren , Daniel and Kayla Sturdivant of White House and Kristen Sturdivant of Orlando , Florida . If so desired memorial contributions may be made to the American Cancer Society or the Nashville Humane Association . Any donations may be sent in c/o Austin & Bell . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for James Parks James Lee Parks , age 47 of Pleasant View , Tennessee died Friday , August 7 , 2020 at St. Thomas West in Nashville . -LRB- Click here for an SBN tribute report -RRB- James 's wishes were for his remains to be cremated . James was born on May 15 , 1973 in Haines City , Florida . He worked for TDOT as a Highway Incident Response Operator . James was retired from the Pleasant View Volunteer Fire Department after 15 years of service and was Fire Captain the most recent of them . He also was a contract firefighter in Iraq and Afghanistan . He loved to plant flowers even though he did not have a green thumb and his favorite dog , Harlow was shared everyday with his friends on Facebook . He never met a stranger . James was a member of the 24 Church . He is preceded in death by his father , James Worthington ; and a son , James Clayton . He is survived by his wife , Sandra Parks ; son , Austin Parks ; daughter , Payton Parks ; brother , Terry Worthington ; and a sister , Sherry -LRB- Cisco -RRB- Thompson ; and several aunts . A special thanks to all his devoted friends who have called , texted and prayed for James during this difficult time . A big thanks to Trey , Amy , & Will Nelms , John & Teresa Sullivan , Tanya Garvin , and Pete Walker for their friendship , encouragement and love during this time . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Glenna Faye Hicks Age 68 of White House went home to be with the Lord Thursday , August 6 , 2020 at Saint Thomas Midtown . She was born August 31 , 1951 in Nashville , TN to Glenn & Milbrey Covington Broadrick . She worked as a hairstylist for many years . She was the former owner of Shear Magic Beauty Salon and was a partner in the Hair Gallery . Glenna was a woman of great faith and loved Halltown General Baptist Church , where she was a long time member . She enjoyed cooking and many remember her as `` the best biscuit maker in the world '' . She is preceded in death by her parents ; husband , Billy Hicks . She is survived by her sons , Jeffrey Shane Hicks , Madison , TN , Timothy Shannon Hicks , Nashville , TN and Spencer Gray Hicks , White House , TN ; brothers , Gary -LRB- Judy -RRB- Broadrick and Joe -LRB- Rhonda -RRB- Broadrick , both of White House , TN ; 5 grandchildren , Ivy Hicks , Lia Hicks , Reilly Hicks , Rhett Hicks and Jake Hicks . Funeral service was held Sunday , August 9 , 2020 at 2pm in the chapel of Austin & Bell Funeral Home in White House with Pastor Mike Brady officiating . Interment followed in Halltown Cemetery with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation was held Saturday , August 8 , 2020 2-8pm and Sunday , August 9 , 2020 12-2pm at the funeral home . Memorial contributions may be made to Halltown General Baptist Church 120 Dink Rut Road Portland , TN 37148 Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Preston Winters Charlie `` Preston '' Winters , age 96 of the Brewer 's Chapel Community in Cheatham County , Tennessee , died Thursday , August 6 , 2020 at the Waters of Cheatham in Ashland City . A graveside service will be held in Resthaven Memorial Gardens in Clarksville at 10 o ' clock am on Monday , August 10th , with Pastor Penny Stratton officiating . Burial will follow with Tommy Castleberry , Jeff Castleberry , Dillon Castleberry , Preston Castleberry , Destin Maurer , and Rich Steele serving as pallbearers . There will be no visitation at the funeral home prior to the graveside service . Mr. Winters was born on September 5 , 1923 , in Brewer 's Chapel , Tennessee to the late Charlie Irad and Minnie Lee Nicholson Winters . He was a carpenter , farmer , and a U.S. Army Veteran having served in World War II in Okinawa in the South Pacific . He was a member of the Brewers Chapel United Methodist Church . In addition to his parents , he is preceded in death by his wife , Ruth Inman Winters ; three brothers ; and four sisters . He is survived by his son , Gene Randell -LRB- Debbie -RRB- Winters ; his daughter , Gretta -LRB- Tommy -RRB- Castleberry ; grandchildren , Emily -LRB- Destin -RRB- Maurer , Jenny Winters , Amy -LRB- Ed -RRB- Kautz , Sandy Burney , and Jeff -LRB- Amy -RRB- Castleberry ; great-grandchildren , Kendal & Kate Maurer and Dillon & Preston Castleberry ; and his nieces & nephews . If so desired , memorial contributions may be made to Brewer 's Chapel UMC or the Alzheimer 's Association , Middle Tennesse Chapter , 478 Craighead Street , Suite 200 , Nashville , Tennessee , 37204 . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for David Sutter , Sr. . David Elwood Sutter , Sr. , age 81 , of Lebanon , and formerly of Robertson County , passed away Wednesday , August 5 , 2020 at The Residence at Alive Hospice in Nashville . Mr. Sutter 's remains will be cremated and a memorial service will be held in in his honor at a later date . Mr. Sutter was born October 11 , 1938 in Gardiner , ME to the late Elwood Vernon and Ruth Carver Sutter . He worked in the steel industry at Unarco . Mr. Sutter is survived by his son , David Sutter , Jr. of Lebanon ; daughters , Donna -LRB- Scott -RRB- McEwing of Orlinda and Dianna -LRB- Wayne -RRB- Bull of Cottontown ; sisters , Lorraine Black and Mary Ann Sutter of Augusta , ME ; grandchildren , April Remick , Collin Bull , Matthew McEwing , Jennie Farris , Danielle Sutter , Shelby Sutter and Amber McDade ; and 10 great-grandchildren . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Muriel Pryor Muriel Reeves Pryor , age 89 , of Springfield , passed away Wednesday , August 5 , 2020 at NorthCrest Medical Center . Funeral services were held Saturday , August 8 , 2020 at 2pm in the chapel of the Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield with Brother Carl Fruedenthal , Brother Patrick Nicks and Brother Joey Jones officiating . Burial followed in the Springfield Memorial Gardens with Justin Pryor , Chad Pryor , Wayne Binkley , Alan Holman , Porter Henderson , Leslie Richardson , Raymond Hooper and Kevin Martin serving as pallbearers . Visitation will be held at the funeral home on Friday , August 7 , 2020 from 4-8pm and again on Saturday from 11am until the hour of service at 2pm . Mrs. Pryor was born March 30 , 1931 in Robertson County to the late Thomas and Mary Clinard Reeves . She worked as a bookkeeper and was a member of the Flewellyn Baptist Church . She was a mother , grandmother , friend and `` Prayer Warrior '' . In addition to her parents Mrs. Pryor is preceded in death by her husband , Robert L. Pryor , her sisters , Grace Holman , Eunice Horn and Polly Andrews and her brothers , Arthur `` Pop-Gun '' Reeves and Clarence Reeves . Mrs. Pryor is survived by her son , Steve -LRB- Patricia -RRB- Pryor of Springfield ; grandsons , Justin -LRB- Chavonne -RRB- Pryor and Chad Pryor ; great-grandchildren , Kaelynn Pryor , Cassie Williams , Caitlan Wilkerson , Hannah Pryor and Kinsley Pryor ; and great-great-grandchildren , Bryleigh and Tre . If so desired memorial contributions may be made to the Flewellyn Baptist Church Children 's Fund . Any donations may be sent in c/o Austin & Bell . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for James Stone Carter James Stone Carter , age 30 , of Springfield and formerly of Hendersonville , passed away on Wednesday , August 5 , 2020 . He was preceded in death by his maternal grandparents , Shirley A. and Donald C. Boyd . He is survived by his longtime companion , Karen Morales ; his parents , James Roy and Debbie Carter ; sons , Damian Cruz Carter and James Benjamin Carter ; sisters , Grace Carter , Shiannee Carter and Aladeen Stoll ; paternal grandparents , C. B. and Sally Carter ; Aunts and Uncles , Melissa Carter , David Carter , Christy Carter , Aaron Carter , Sherri Boyd , and Craig Boyd ; Great aunt and uncle , Cal Vanloh and Linda Vanloh . Many loving cousins also survive . His family will receive friends from 4:00 pm until 8:00 pm on Monday , August 10 and again on Tuesday , August 11 from 11:00 am until his Celebration of Life service at 1:00 pm at Austin and Bell Funeral Home in Hendersonville . Services will be conducted by Bobby Wilson . Family and friends will serve as pallbearers . Honorary pallbearers will be Michael Stovall , Ashton Taylor and Brian Morales . Interment will follow in Beech Cemetery . In lieu of flowers , the family requests contributions to a Go Fund Me Account set up in James ' name . Austin & Bell Funeral Home is honored to have his services entrusted to us . Austin and Bell Funeral Home , Hendersonville . Obituary for Mickey Selph Marion `` Mickey '' Hodges Selph , age 74 of Cedar Hill , Tennessee , died Monday , August 3 , 2020 at Ahava Healthcare in Clarksville . Funeral services were held at Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View at 1 o ' clock pm on Friday , August 7th , with Bro . Don Dungan officiating . Burial followed in Resthaven Memorial Gardens in Clarksville with Jason Spain , Stephen Price , Jr. , Matthew Price , Justin Dorris , and Christopher Edwards serving as pallbearers . The family received friends at the funeral home from 10:00 AM until the hour of service at 1:00 PM on Friday . Mr. Selph was born on June 13 , 1946 , in Clarksville , Tennessee to the late Mitchell and Elizabeth Hodges Selph . He was a retired sheet metal journeyman . He was a U.S. Navy veteran -LRB- a Seabee -RRB- having served four tours in the Vietnam War where he was awarded the Vietnam Service Medal with two Bronze Stars and Fleet Marine Force Combat Insignia , National Defense Service Medal , Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal , and Navy Unit Commendation Ribbon and Citation . He was of the Baptist Faith . In addition to his parents , he is preceded in death by his brother , Dwight Selph . He is survived by his wife , Jean Selph ; his daughter , Chasity -LRB- Jason -RRB- Spain ; stepsons , Russ -LRB- Gayle -RRB- King , and Jerry King , Jr. ; three sisters ; grandchildren , Stephen -LRB- Brittany -RRB- Price Jr. , Matthew -LRB- Kelci -RRB- Price , Ashleigh Rolfe , and Austin Spain ; five great-grandchildren ; numerous step-grandchildren ; and several nieces and nephews . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View is in charge of these arrangements . -LRB- Updated -RRB- LAST WEEKS OBITUARIES Obituary for Victor Fox , Sr. . Victor Joseph Fox , Sr. , age 77 , of Cookeville , and formerly of Robertson County , died Friday , July 31 , 2020 at his home . Funeral Mass was held Wednesday , August 5 , 2020 at 11am at St. Michael 's Catholic Church with Father Anthony Lopez as Celebrant . Burial followed in the St Michael 's Cemetery with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation was held at the church on Wednesday from 9am until the hour of service at 11am . Mr. Fox was born December 4 , 1942 in Louisville , KY to the late Elmer and Della Hensley Fox . He worked as a plumber and a communicant at St. Michael 's Catholic Church . He loved playing golf , gardening , his family and KY Wildcat Basketball . In addition to his parents Mr. Fox is preceded in death by his wife , Carolyn Frances Traughber Fox and his brother , Herschel Leroy Fox . Mr. Fox is survived by his son , Victor -LRB- Machelle -RRB- Fox , Jr. of Michigan ; daughter , Carolyn -LRB- Michael -RRB- Murphy of Cookeville ; sisters , Marsha -LRB- Glen -RRB- Williams and Ginger -LRB- George -RRB- Joyner , both of Florida ; 6 grandchildren ; and 8 great-grandchildren . If so desired memorial contributions may be made to St. Michael 's Catholic Cemetery . Any donations may be sent in c/o Austin & Bell . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Benjamin Henry Lewis Benjamin Henry Lewis , age 39 , passed away on July 25 , 2020 . He was born in Little Falls , MN and was a lifelong resident of Springfield , TN . Benjamin graduated from Springfield High School and Tennessee College of Applied Technology . He was a journeyman electrician with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and completed his certification through the Nashville Electrical Joint Apprenticeship and Training Committee . Benjamin was mechanically and electrically gifted . He was passionate about his family , the outdoors , and fishing . He was most comfortable in the woods or on the water . Benjamin is survived by daughters , Ava Elizabeth and Adalynn Harlee , and their mother , Marcia , of Springfield ; parents , W. Michael and Donna Lewis , of Springfield ; twin sister , Sally W. Lewis , of Greenbrier ; brother , Evan M. Lewis -LRB- Helen -RRB- , of Marietta , GA ; sister , Jane Marie Brown -LRB- Alexander -RRB- , of Nashville ; and nieces and nephews , Madison Clare Lewis , Tyler Lathrem , Lazaros Lewis , Julianna Brown , and Vivian Brown . The burial service was held Wednesday , August 5 at Larkspur Conservation at Taylor Hollow in Westmoreland , TN , with Deacon Michael Morris officiating . Services were limited to immediate family . In lieu of flowers , gifts in his memory may be made to Larkspur Conservation -LRB- larkspurconservation.org -RRB- or the Nature Conservancy -- Tennessee -LRB- nature.org -RRB- . Austin & Bell Funeral Home is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Gertrude Tate Fisher Gertrude Tate Fisher , 93 , of Springfield , passed away on Sunday August 2 , 2020 at The Waters of Robertson . Graveside services were conducted Thursday August 6th at 1:00 p.m. in Springfield Memorial Gardens with Pastor Patrick Nix officiating . Pallbearers were Leslie Richardson , Nick Richardson , Austin Brewer , Seth Choate , Don Downard , Jake Downard , Jimmy Bunch , and Glenn Gainous . The family received friends on Thursday from 11:00 a.m. until 12:30 p.m. at the Robertson County Funeral Home . Mrs. Fisher was born May 12 , 1927 in Springfield to the late Bud and Lillian Sawyers Tate . She was a homemaker and a member of Lighthouse Baptist Church in Springfield . Mrs. Fisher loved cooking , shopping , listening to country music , and talking with people . She never met a stranger . In addition to her parents , she was preceded in death by her son : Jimmy Fisher , by her brother : Leonard Tate , by her sisters : Florence Dodd and Lucille Briley , and by her grandchildren : Darrin and David Downard . Mrs. Fisher is survived by her daughters and sons-in-law : Donna Downard of Springfield , Darlene and Glenn Gainous of Springfield , Marlene and Jimmy Bunch of Springfield , Marilyn and Bill Johnson of South Carolina , grandchildren : Teresa Richardson and husband Leslie , Don Downard and wife Allison , great grandchildren : Alyssa Downard Choate , Jake Downard , Keylea and Nick Richardson , and by her dear friends : Emily Stephens and Joyce Ann Reeves . If so desired , donations may be made to The Hope Center of Flewellyn Baptist Church Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Betty Jean Stewart Carver Betty Jean Stewart Carver , 85 , of Springfield , passed from this life on Friday July 31 , 2020 at Skyline Medical Center . Funeral services were conducted Sunday August 9th at 2:00 p.m. in the Oakhurst Chapel of the Robertson County Funeral Home with Pastor Russ Noss officiating . Interment followed in Springfield Memorial Gardens with Brent Duffer , Daniel Stewart , Gary Thompson , Brant Bonds , Matt Fields , and Jim Ring serving as pallbearers . The family received friends on Sunday from 12 noon until service time at the funeral home . Mrs. Carver was born March 26 , 1935 in Cross Plains to the late Leslie Nolen and Vera Mae Anderson Stewart . She was a graduate of East Robertson High School . Mrs. Carver worked many years as the bookkeeper for Bill Woodard Trucking in Springfield . She was a member of Mt. Carmel Baptist Church in Cross Plains , where she loved greeting everyone , especially the children and she always had candy or cookies for them . Mrs. Carver loved going to the lake , cooking , helping others , visiting the nursing homes , and all of her 4 legged grandchildren -LRB- dogs -RRB- that she loved so much . In addition to her parents , she was preceded in death by her brothers : Gerald and Don Stewart . Mrs. Carver is survived by her husband : Ed Carver of Springfield , by her sons and daughters-in-law : Chip and Kim Johnson of Springfield , Mike and Angela Carver of Fayetteville , GA , David and Lisa Carver of Spring , TX , by her daughters and sons-in-law : Cindy and Phillip Major of Hiawassee , GA , Tammy and Burt Proctor of Newnan , GA , by 10 grandchildren , 19 great grandchildren , and 6 great great grandchildren If so desired , memorial contributions may be made to St. Jude Children 's Hospital Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Josie Belle Palmer Jarrett Josie Belle Palmer Jarrett , 83 , of Springfield , stepped into the presence of her Savior on Friday July 31 , 2020 at North Crest Medical Center . Due to the current conditions surrounding COVID-19 , the family would like to thank each of you for your understanding of their decision to have a public Celebration of Life for Ms. Josie at a future date and hopes that each of you will be able to attend when that date is set . There will be a private family graveside committal in the Middle Tennessee Veteran 's Cemetery on Monday August 10 , 2020 Josie was the youngest of twelve children born to the late Frank and Stella Palmer in Lebanon , Tennessee . Nine siblings preceded her in death . She was also preceded in death by her husband Herschel McKinley Jarrett . Josie professed hope in Jesus Christ at an early age and was a baptized member of the Mt. Zion Baptist Church in Lebanon , Tennessee . She later moved to Springfield , Tennessee and became an active member of First Missionary Baptist Church , serving in the Missionary Society , Church Aide , Senior Choir , and teaching Sunday school . She received her early education in the public schools in Lebanon , Tennessee . She attended A&I State University and later received her B.S. Degree in Elementary Education and Early Childhood Education from Trevecca Nazarene College . She began her teaching career in the Robertson County school system . She served for 43 years , teaching at Bransford Elementary School , Westside Elementary School and Springfield Middle School . She loved working with children . She leaves to cherish her loving memory : son , Sylvester Jarrett ; daughter , Sylvia Jarrett ; sisters , Esther McCoy of Detroit , Michigan , Nina Gragg of Nashville , TN ; sisters-in-law , Ervina Jarrett and Sallie Palmer ; brothers-in-law Henry Jarrett and Rev. John Jarrett ; a host of nephews , nieces , cousins and friends . If so desired , memorial contributions may be made to St. Jude Children 's Hospital and may be sent c/o Robertson County Funeral Home . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Jim Arms Jim Arms , 76 , of Springfield , passed from this life on Friday July 31 , 2020 at North Crest Medical Center . Funeral services were conducted Wednesday August 5th at 2:00 p.m. in the Oakhurst Chapel of the Robertson County Funeral Home with Pastor John Nelson officiating . Interment followed in Springfield Memorial Gardens . The family received friends on Tuesday from 4:00 p.m. until 8:00 p.m. and on Wednesday from 12 noon until service time at the funeral home . Mr. Arms was born October 24 , 1943 in Cedar Hill to the late William Frank and Junie Morgan Arms . He was retired from Aramark , and then went to work as a courier with Hollingsworth Oil Company , from which he also retired . Mr. Arms was a member of Cross Roads Baptist Church , where he served as a deacon . He enjoyed both playing and watching the game of golf . The highlight of Mr. Arms life was spending time with his grandchildren . He attended every baseball , softball , basketball , and soccer games , and every dance recital , tennis match , and swim meets that his grandchildren were involved with . Mr. Arms is survived by his wife , Linda Wiseman Arms , whom he would be married to for 49 years on August 7th of this year , by his son : Andy Arms and his wife Melissa of Springfield , by his daughter : Angie Arms Wright and her husband Jeremy of Brentwood , by his brothers : Bob Arms and his wife Barbara Jean , and Wayne Arms all of Adams , and by his grandchildren : Tanner Wright , Taylor Wright , Juliana Wright , Drew Arms , Emma Joyce , and Will Joyce . If so desired , memorial contributions may be made to Cross Roads Baptist Church and the family will later decide what function of the church the donations will benefit . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Jerry V. Wooden Jerry V. Wooden , age 74 of Springfield , died Tuesday , July 28 , 2020 at Vantage Point Nursing Center in Ashland City after a long illness . Funeral services were conducted Friday , July 31 , 2020 at 10:00 AM in the Oakhurst Chapel of Robertson County Funeral Home with Bro . Bob Hogan officiating . Burial followed in Springfield Memorial Gardens with Richard Bellar , Roane Choate , Jason Duke , Brian Nicholson , Mike Stafford , and Shane Toole serving as pallbearers . The family received friends at the funeral home Thursday from 4 until 8 PM and Friday from 9 AM until the hour of service . Mr. Wooden was born October 25 , 1945 in Robertson County . He retired from Regal Chemical Company of Alpharetta , GA in 2012 . He also worked at The Family Store in Springfield and was a teacher and coach at Westside . Jerry was an exceptional basketball player in high school and at Austin Peay State University . He enjoyed all sports more recently as a spectator . He was preceded in death by his parents , Clarence Russell and Willie Bea Yates ; brothers , George , Robert , and Earl Wooden ; and sisters , Helen Rogers and Sue Campbell . Jerry is survived by his son Jerry Vernon Wooden II and wife , Karen of Pleasant View ; daughter , Julie Wooden Browning and husband , Sam of Murray , KY ; granddaughter , Greyson Jean Browning of Murray , KY ; brother , Ricky Yates and wife , Sandy of Cedar Hill ; and sister , Barbara Jean Berry of Chapel Hill . The family would like to thank the family and friends who have visited Jerry in the last few years . A special thanks from Jerry 's children to John and Mary Nicholson for visiting their dad every week . Your visits meant so much to him . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Arrangements for Lakesha Crowder Private Family Services were held Saturday , August 1 , 2020 At 12:00 Noon . Due to Covid-19 pandemic masks are required to be worn . Service was live-streamed on W. D. Crowder Funeral Home Facebook Page . Interment : Monday , August 3 , 2020 At 9:00 Am Greenwood North Cemetery Nashville , Tn . Arrangements entrusted to W. D. Crowder Funeral Home Obituary for Tracye Mooneyhan Tracye `` Gammy '' Crawford Mooneyhan , age 63 , of Springfield , passed away Sunday , August 2 , 2020 at Centennial Medical Center . Funeral Services were held Friday , August 7 , 2020 at 1pm in the chapel of the Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield with Brother Josh Culver officiating . Burial followed in the Providence Baptist Church Cemetery in Franklin , KY with Chester Dixon , Ron Kemper , Paul Crumley , Justin Lambert , James `` Slim '' McKinney and Will Brown serving as pallbearers . Honorary pallbearers were Wayne Hollman and Kaul Wilson . Brother John Rushing officiated the Graveside Service . Visitation was held at the funeral home on Thursday , August 6 , 2020 from 4-8pm and again on Friday from 11am until the hour of service . Mrs. Mooneyhan was born May 15 , 1957 in Springfield to the late Nelson Miller and Willie Ann Dorris Crawford . She worked as the Dispatcher at Electrolux and was a member of Grace Baptist Church . She loved her family and especially her grandchildren . In addition to her parents Mrs. Mooneyhan is preceded in death by her sisters , Marcia Ament , Libby Brake , Joyce Wint and Jamie Brown . She is survived by her husband of 35 years , George Wilson Mooneyhan ; son , Joshua Derrick Mooneyhan of Springfield ; step-son , Jeremy Wilson -LRB- Reshanda -RRB- Mooneyhan of White House ; daughters , Christal Michelle Albright of Springfield and Kimberly Nichole Mooneyhan of Cookeville ; sisters , Kellye Crawford Conquest of White House and Elizabeth Walker of Orlinda ; and grandchildren , Carly Albright , Georgia Albright , Olivia Albright , Shaylin Mooneyhan , Jazlyn Mooneyhan and Peyton Cope . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Robert B. Johnson Robert B. -LRB- Bob -RRB- Johnson , age 85 of Hendersonville , passed away on Friday , July 31 , 2020 . He was a hardworking husband and father who loved his church , his family and his many friends . His hobby was talking and enjoyed talking to everyone he met . He was always on the go , and always doing something -- he never knew an idle moment . He was known to be very particular about taking care of his yard and enjoyed working there and loved caring for his flowers . He also loved UT Football and spoiling his grandbabies . He is preceded in death by his parents , James and Mabel Johnson ; his wife , Sarah Jane Johnson ; and a son , Douglas Allen Johnson . He is survived by his son , Stephen Johnson ; his daughter , Margaret -LRB- Bud -RRB- Judkins ; his grandchildren , Mason Johnson , Sarah Judkins and Gretchen Judkins ; and a sister , Peggy Yanda of California . No services are planned at this time , but there will be a gathering of family and friends scheduled and announced at a later date . Bob was always looking for ways to give back to the community that he so dearly loved . Because of this , his family requests that in lieu of flowers memorial donations be made in his name to the Samaritan Center of Hendersonville at 116 Dunn Street , Hendersonville TN 37075 or online at www.tnhsa.org Services have been entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Hendersonville . Obituary for Diana Lynn Grady Diana Lynn Grady , age 63 , of Springfield passed away Friday , July 31 , 2020 at her residence . A graveside service was held at 2:30 PM on Monday , August 3rd at the Greenbrier Cemetery with Bro . Jon Briggs officiating . Pallbearers were Jason Adcock , Jordan Bell , Danny Crabtree , Charles Holland , Allen Nash , Jr , and Conn Raymer . The family received friends 12pm to 2pm on Monday at the funeral home . Burial was in the Greenbrier Cemetery . She was born in Madison , TN on October 30 , 1956 to the late Charles Lynn and Ethel V. Aldridge Holland . She was also preceded in death by a son , Christopher Armour . She was a member of Lights Chapel Baptist Church and was a clerical employ in the medical field . She enjoyed computer games , antiquing and fishing . She is survived by brother , Charles Dean -LRB- Rhonda -RRB- Holland of Greenbrier ; sisters , Regina -LRB- Allen -RRB- Nash of Greenbrier , Wanda -LRB- David -RRB- Coulter of Millersville ; grandchildren , Triston Armour , Dakota Armour and Leigha Pedan . Family and friends will serve as pallbearers . In lieu of flowers , contributions may be made to Monroe Carroll Children 's Hospital at Vanderbilt , 2000 Children 's Way , Nashville , TN 37232 . Services have been entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Greenbrier , Tn . Obituary for Quincy D. Mitchell `` Stank '' Quincy Donnell Mitchell `` Stank '' Quincy Donnell Payne was born on September 11 , 1969 to the late Goyquina Mitchell Payne . Quincy was raised by his mother , the late Goyquina Mitchell Payne and Abram Donnell Payne , who survives . He attended school in Robertson County , graduating with honors from Springfield High School , Class of 1987 . He went on to further his education at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville , Tennessee and acquired a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration . Quincy became a restaurant manager at Pizza Hut in September of 1992 where he met his devoted , loving wife of 25 1/2 hours . Quincy continued with the restaurant industry until 2007 . On March 1 , 2007 , Quincy started a new chapter in his career at AT&T where he advanced as a manager for the last thirteen years . Quincy loved helping , teaching , developing , and training people to always do things right the first time . He always liked to have fun and was always silly with a good sense of humor . Quincy and Shewanda met at Pizza Hut in Nashville , Tennessee and later wed on December 31 , 1994 in Springfield , Tennessee where they purchased their home and raised their three sons , Dar 'S hon , De'ion and the late Carlos Mitchell , who preceded him in death . Quincy attended Kingdom Hall of Jehovah 's Witness where he was baptized in the 2000 's . Quincy was a God fearing man who trusted in Jehovah God -LRB- Proverbs 3:5 -RRB- . Quincy let the Bible direct and guide him on how to raise his family . He inculcated and instilled in them the importance of relying on Jehovah and putting Him first . Family was important to him . Quincy and Shewanda had their first grandchild in June 2019 . He was a proud grandfather . He was `` Q Dad '' to Z'nyla and she was affectionately call `` Shabooby '' by him . He was a family man . He loved his family unconditionally . He was a devoted , loving father and husband , as well as an awesome provider . Quincy is the definition of a good man , husband , father , son , brother , nephew , son-in-law , friend and cousin . The void that he left can never be filled . In addition to his mother , he was preceded in death by his son , Carlos Mitchell , and grandparents , J. C. Mitchell and Bertha Pope Mitchell . Quincy 's life ended July 22 , 2020 at St. Thomas Hospital in Nashville , Tennessee . He leaves to cherish his precious memories : his loving and devoted wife of 25 1/2 years , Shewanda Mitchell ; sons , Dar 'S hon Mitchell and De'ion Mitchell ; granddaughter , Z'nyla Mitchell ; father , Abram Payne ; brother , Allen Payne ; sister , Lasonya -LRB- Dontez -RRB- Brooks ; aunts , Sherry A. Payne , and Nina -LRB- Gary -RRB- Summers ; mother and father-in-law , Faye and Larry Griffin of Nashville , TN ; a host of other relatives and long time friends that will remember and cherish his memories . Services were Monday , August 3 , 2020 at 12:00 noon at W. D. Crowder Funeral Home with Words of Comfort by Lawrence Smith and Interment in Restlawn Memorial Garden . Arrangements entrusted to W. D. Crowder Funeral Home Obituary for Linda McKinney Hand Linda McKinney Hand , age 66 of Greenbrier passed away Friday , July 31 , 2020 at Vanderbilt Medical Center . Funeral Service were at 12pm on Tuesday , August 4 at Greenridge Church of Christ with Bro . Jack Martin officiating . Pallbearers were be Eric Phillips , Dustin Shepherd , Bo Brendle , Tom Dalley , James Webb and Dalton Watson . Honorary pallbearers were Thomas Mellinger and David Graham . The family received friends 4pm to 8pm on Monday , August 3 at Greenridge Church of Christ and 9am to 12pm on Tuesday , August 4 at the church . Linda was born in Clarksville , TN on November 11 , 1953 to the late William Robert and Velma Louise Bagwell McKinney . She was also preceded in death by her husband Randal Peyton Hand and sister-in-law , Celeste McKinney . She was a member of Greenridge Church of Christ where she served as church secretary for 25 years and then was owner of Bakers Market for 14 years . She was a loving and devoted mother and grandmother . She loved being outside and playing golf . She is survived by son , Shane -LRB- Mary -RRB- Hand of Pleasant View ; daughters , Miranda -LRB- Thomas -RRB- Mellinger of Greenbrier , Shanda -LRB- Eric -RRB- Phillips of Greenbrier ; brothers , Bill -LRB- Sara Jane -RRB- McKinney of Barren Plains , Tommy McKinney of Adams ; grandchildren , Tanner Mellinger , Tori Mellinger , Brooks Phillips , Aiden Phillips , Richard Rigsby , Bradon Rigsby , great-grandson , Noah Rigsby and special friend , David Graham . In lieu of flowers , contributions may be made to Greenridge Church of Christ . Services have been entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Greenbrier , Tn . Obituary for Evelyn Faye Johnson Evelyn Faye Johnson , 71 , left this life for eternal salvation on July 30 , 2020 . She was met in heaven by the love of her life , husband , Lawrence Johnson , father SF Shepard and brothers Frank and Donald Ray Shepard . Faye leaves behind a loving daughter , Kimber Dills -LRB- Greg -RRB- and grandson , Kamen Wren who was her pride and joy . She is also survived by her mother Ruby Shepard , siblings Dimple Warren -LRB- Mike -RRB- , Shirley Hester , Tippy Shepard -LRB- Linda -RRB- , Bill Shepard -LRB- Christine -RRB- , numerous nieces and nephews , extended family and dear friends . Faye was a creative light and artist 's soul . She was an accomplished painter , interior decorator , floral designer , and seamstress ; although her favorite hobby was dancing with her groom of 55 years . Faye loved her family most of all and was so many things to so many people . She was a constant fixture , cheering at Kamen 's baseball games and would play board games with Gunnar for hours on end . There are some who would bring a light so great to the world that even after they have gone the light remains . The loss is immeasurable , but so is the love and light she left behind . Funeral services were held Tuesday , August 4 at Austin and Bell Funeral Home in White House . Visitation was at Noon and service at 2pm . Memorial contributions may be made to Oneida Baptist Institute 11 Mulberry St. Oneida , KY 40972 . Faye had many special memories of her missionary work here . Pallbearers will be Daniel Stewart , Josh Walker , Todd Allman , Delvin Hester , Blake Hester and Kyle Hester . Honorary pallbearers Gunnar Allman , Mike Warren and Junior Meadows . Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Douglas P Gross Age 71 of Cross Plains , TN went home to be with the Lord Wednesday , July 29 , 2020 at his home . He was born July 28 , 1949 in South Bend , Indiana to Preston & Mardel Wilson Gross . He worked in the Heating & Air Business as an HVAC serviceman . He proudly served his country in the U.S. Marines during Vietnam and was a member of White Hill Community Baptist Church . He enjoyed fishing , deer hunting , playing pool and playing Texas Hold 'em . He never met a stranger and had an infectious sense of humor . He loved having cookouts and spending time with his family . He is preceded in death by his parents ; brother-in-law , Terry Scott . He is survived by his wife of 49 years , Margaret `` Peggy '' Gross , Cross Plains , TN ; sons , Jason -LRB- Michelle -RRB- Gross , Watertown , TN and Jeromy -LRB- Brandi Sharber -RRB- , White House , TN ; brothers , Terry Gross , Cross Plains , TN and Dempsey -LRB- Joann -RRB- Gross , Michigan ; sisters , Towana Scott , Portland , TN and Annie -LRB- Wes -RRB- Street , South Bend , Indiana ; 3 grandchildren , Christian Gross , Portland , TN , Savannah Gross and Andrew Gross , both of Watertown , TN ; numerous nieces and nephews . Funeral service was held Friday , August 7 , 2020 at 2pm in the chapel of Austin & Bell Funeral Home in White House with Bro . Ed Tinnin officiating . Interment followed in White Hill Community Cemetery with military honors and with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation was held Friday , August 7 , 2020 10am until 2pm at the funeral home . Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Sarah Madelyn Mayes Sarah Madelyn Mayes , age 76 of Houston , TX formerly of Springfield , TN passed away Wednesday , July 29 , 2020 at her residence . Graveside Services were held 12 pm on Tuesday , August 4th at Oakland Cemetery , Springfield , TN . Family and Friends served as pallbearers . She was born August 16 , 1943 in Springfield , TN to the late William Allie and Ruth Brown Carroll . She was also preceded in death by 3 brothers . She was a Manager for AT&T for 47 years . She is survived by son , Jeff -LRB- Suzie -RRB- Mayes of Houston , TX ; sister , Irene Page of Cedar Hill , TN ; grandchildren , Kristen , Kyle , Kody ; great-grandchildren , Bobby , Rebecah and Bentley . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements .", "url": "https://smokeybarn.com/in-loving-memory-obituaries-of-the-week-august-9-2020/", "text_category": null}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03543306121597721, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'genitals': 1}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'masturbating': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0We7RLeN", "stitle": "Masturbating Michigan deputy repeatedly exposed himself , AG 's office says", "seg_title_stem": "masturbate Michigan deputy repeatedly expose himself , AG 's office say", "seg_content": "A sheriff 's deputy from Michigan 's thumb region has wound up on the other side of the law after allegedly exposing his genitals to an unsuspecting woman multiple times . The Michigan Attorney General 's Office on Thursday charged Huron County deputy Patrick O'Brien with three counts of aggravated indecent exposure , a misdemeanor punishable by up to two years in prison . O'Brien was reported to have intentionally exposed himself multiple times and masturbated in an area visible to the public through a window of his home in Port Austin on July 26 and 27 . He was off duty at the time and is now on administrative leave . The AG 's office picked up the case after the Huron County prosecutor recused himself due to a conflict of interest .", "url": "https://deadlinedetroit.com/articles/25975/masturbating_michigan_deputy_repeatedly_exposed_himself_ag_s_office_says", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.5397566589167445, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'boobs': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WeRawbk", "stitle": "Bikinis , Boobs , & Booty : Pics From the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally", "seg_title_stem": "Bikinis , Boobs , & Booty : Pics from the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally", "seg_content": "The Sturgis Motorcycle Rally is happening in South Dakota and it looks like the clothes are optional , along with the masks . The Sturgis Motorcycle Rally is an annual event held in Sturgis , South Dakota every August . The event was started back in 1938 and is a time when hundreds of thousands of motorcycle enthusiasts congregate on the small town with a year-round population of only 7,000 . The event was originally held by Indian Motorcycles and was held for races and stunt riding . The event has now turned into a full-blown festival , filled with concerts , merchandise , fair-style food , and plenty of gorgeous ladies . I 've known plenty of people who have attended Sturgis in the past and have said it is an event you have to experience at least once in your life . To be honest , I 'd be interested in attending for the concerts alone . This year 's event boasted live performances by Fozzy , Fire From The Gods , Twisted Sister , Lit , Bone Thugs N Harmony , Stitched Up Heart , and a lot more . Plus , who would n't want to see Smashmouth ? Okay , maybe I like eccentric concert lineups so this event speaks to me . Unfortunately , this year we are still battling the coronavirus all over the nation so even though the cases in South Dakota have been relatively low , that may not be the case after the event . Even so , plenty of riders packed their bikes and headed out to Sturgis for their usual week filled with bonding and debauchery . At least I assume from some of these photos . We have a man on the ground at Sturgis who has been sending us daily photo updates and it looks the pandemic has n't stopped many of the people from partying . Check out the photos below and imagine you 're right there in the middle of all the action . Well , maybe not the spitting contest , unless you 're into that sort of thing .", "url": "https://kfmx.com/bikinis-boobs-booty-pics-from-the-sturgis-motorcycle-rally-3/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9604171514511108}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9604171514511108}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0521365928625798, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WepkmEQ", "stitle": "Florida sheriff removed following sex scandal investigation", "seg_title_stem": "Florida sheriff remove follow sex scandal investigation", "seg_content": "JACKSONVILLE , Fla. -- A Florida sheriff facing a primary contest next week was suspended from office Friday , a day after his arrest in connection to a sex scandal investigation at his previous job , officials said . Gov. Ron DeSantis issued an executive order removing Clay County Sheriff Darryl Daniels from his elected position . Daniels turned himself in to the jail in nearby Jacksonville on Thursday on a felony charge of tampering with evidence and three misdemeanor counts of giving false information to law enforcement . Daniels previously worked as the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office jails director . He was elected sheriff of Clay County , just southwest of Jacksonville , in 2016 . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement confirmed an internal investigation last year into a corrections officer who had been Daniels ' mistress while he was her supervisor . Officials said Daniels had tried to get the woman arrested in May 2019 on stalking allegations , and investigators told prosecutors there was n't enough evidence . The woman resigned while under investigation for misconduct claims . Daniels posted a video on the official sheriff 's office YouTube channel earlier Friday calling the arrest `` dirty politics . '' Daniels remains on the Tuesday ballot , where he faces six Republican challengers . The suspension does not prevent Daniels from running , but if he wins , the suspension will remain in place until the felony case is resolved . To avoid a conflict of interest , DeSantis had assigned the case to the State Attorney 's Office in Ocala , which does not handle Clay County or Jacksonville cases .", "url": "https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/florida-sheriff-removed-sex-scandal-investigation-72384878", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04003912863753006, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WetS5Yk", "stitle": "Teacher 's assistant arrested after he had sex with girl from Tinder", "seg_title_stem": "teacher 's assistant arrest after he have sex with girl from Tinder", "seg_content": "The affidavit states that the girl 's mother knew her daughter had moved in with Elder , even doing a `` well-being '' check on her while she was staying at ... READ MORE", "url": "https://mp.newsbreakapp.com/post/10526112?sig=E0B96A7EFB6FFBC6CA2147CC949C9ABA", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.769381582736969}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.769381582736969}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.030647882864062375, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfHHifq", "stitle": "Chris Wormley Excited To Play Again With ` Pain In My Butt ' Devin Bush", "seg_title_stem": "Chris Wormley Excited to play again with ` pain in my butt ' Devin Bush", "seg_content": "There is some question as to whether or not new Pittsburgh Steelers defensive lineman Chris Wormley was a participant in practice on Friday , but we do know that he was interviewed on the Michigan Sports Network on Thursday , which interviewed the following day , and he talked about his early experiences with the team with Anthony Bellino on the X 's and Bro 's Morning Show -- which is n't the greatest name I 've ever heard . Among the topics that he discussed was the fact that he has had the opportunity to reunite with some of his Wolverine alumni , most notably Devin Bush , the Steelers ' first-round pick in 2019 , whom he will be playing with on defense . A second-year starter , Bush will be on the field for just about every snap this season . `` Devin was a freshman when I was a fifth-year senior . He was a pain in my butt then , and when I talked to him the first time again , he 's still a pain in my butt '' , Wormley joked ... I think . `` But he 's grown . Obviously he 's heading into his second year , but he 's gon na be a phenomenal player for many years to come , and I 'm excited for him to be back there and making plays and getting us in the right position , him being the Mike backer and making most of the communication checks '' . During his rookie season , Bush led the team in tackles with 108 , finishing tied for second with six turnovers , with two interceptions and four fumble recoveries . He returned one of each of them for a touchdown . He finished first in the fan voting for the Pro Bowl , but ultimately did not qualify . Will this be the last time he does n't make the Pro Bowl while healthy ? But of course Bush is n't the only other Wolverine on the roster , and there are two on offense as well . One is Zach Gentry , who was also a rookie draft pick last year , a tight end taken in the fifth round . He spent most of the year as a healthy scratch , but did play in four games . Amara Darboh is a former third-round pick whom the team signed to the practice squad late in the year , and who finished the season on the 53-man roster . `` It 's good to be back with those guys , even if for a season '' , he said of being around these guys whom he once took the field with at Michigan . As for himself , Wormley is heading into his fourth season since being drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the third round of the 2017 NFL Draft . The Steelers acquired him via trade earlier this offseason after losing Javon Hargrave in free agency , with their plans to move Tyson Alualu to nose tackle . This could be an indication that they intend to make Wormley the primary defensive back backup , which means he should play a healthy amount -- before hitting free agency in 2021 .", "url": "https://steelersdepot.com/2020/08/chris-wormley-excited-to-play-again-with-pain-in-my-butt-devin-bush/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05960582470645916, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfJm3j3", "stitle": "July-Dec . 2019 Recap : Parolees in South Elgin convicted of sex crimes", "seg_title_stem": "July-Dec . 2019 Recap : Parolees in South Elgin convict of sex crime", "seg_content": "There was an offender convicted of a sex crime released on parole in South Elgin during the second half of 2019 , according to Illinois Department of Corrections data obtained by the Kane County Reporter . The data shows that the released offender was a man . He was convicted in 2010 when he was 38 . Under state law , paroled offenders are still in legal custody of the IDOC , meaning they can be taken back to a correctional center at any time if the state has probable cause or a warrant . The table below shows the 50 cities in Illinois with the most paroled offenders during the second half of 2019 who were convicted of sex crimes . Prisoners convicted of sex crimes paroled in July-Dec . 2019 CityTotal # of Parolees % Women % MenMedian Age Chicago283 .6 % 96.4 % 42 Kankakee230 % 100 % 44 Rockford60 % 100 % 44 East Saint Louis60 % 100 % 46 Chicago Heights40 % 100 % 32 Danville40 % 100 % 43 Decatur30 % 100 % 34 Mount Vernon30 % 100 % 38 Joliet30 % 100 % 48 Freeport20 % 100 % 52 Alsip20 % 100 % 37 Des Plaines20 % 100 % 31 Lincoln20 % 100 % 40 Palatine20 % 100 % 51 Springfield20 % 100 % 46 Carbondale20 % 100 % 51 Bloomington20 % 100 % 33 Cicero20 % 100 % 35 Peoria20 % 100 % 36 Bellwood20 % 100 % 45 Pembroke Township20 % 100 % 48 Melrose Park10 % 100 % 58 South Beloit10 % 100 % 49 Thompsonville10 % 100 % 28 Woodstock10 % 100 % 53 Evanston10 % 100 % 43 Dupo10 % 100 % 72 Carmi10 % 100 % 42 La Grange10 % 100 % 30 Creve Coeur10 % 100 % 53 Sterling10 % 100 % 36 Hazel Crest10 % 100 % 68 Monticello10 % 100 % 34 Rushville10 % 100 % 30 Aurora10 % 100 % 41 Wheaton10 % 100 % 31 Dekalb10 % 100 % 29 Lake Zurich10 % 100 % 32 Delavan10 % 100 % 39 Beckemeyer10 % 100 % 38 Canton10 % 100 % 43 Hinckley10 % 100 % 40 West Frankfort10 % 100 % 41 South Elgin10 % 100 % 48 Berwyn10 % 100 % 29 Dixon10 % 100 % 40 Marissa10 % 100 % 59 Monee10 % 100 % 56 Zion10 % 100 % 35 Goodfield10 % 100 % 52", "url": "https://kanecountyreporter.com/stories/532676276-july-dec-2019-recap-parolees-in-south-elgin-convicted-of-sex-crimes", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0059750653134473634, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfLApHk", "stitle": "Dick Coury , coach of two Portland pro football teams , father of Lake Oswego coach Steve Coury , dies at 91", "seg_title_stem": "Dick Coury , coach of two Portland pro football team , father of Lake Oswego coach Steve Coury , die at 91", "seg_content": "Dick Coury , who coached Portland 's short-lived WFL and USFL pro football teams in the 1970s and '80s , died Saturday at 91 . Coury , father of long-time Lake Oswego football coach Steve Coury , was the head coach of the World Football League 's Portland Storm in 1974-75 . Coury later coached the Breakers , Portland 's United States Football League franchise , in 1985 . Coury was an NFL assistant coach for nine different teams over a 30-year period , as well a stint in college and high school . Coury was defensive coordinator at USC when the Trojans won the 1967 national title . Coury also served as an assistant coach on the Philadelphia Eagles ' 1981 Super Bowl team . Dick Vermeil , who had Coury on NFL coaching staffs at Philadelphia and St. Louis , told The Oregonian in 1999 that `` people relate well to Dick Coury . Coaches , players , office people , secretaries , they all love Dick . He was the best . '' Rest In Peace coach Dick Coury . #Family #LakerNation pic.twitter.com/wY9rfOkD7n -- LO Lakers Football -LRB- @LOLakersFB -RRB- August 16 , 2020 Coury came to Oregon in 1974 to coach the WFL 's Storm , which one year later became the Thunder . The team won only one of its first 10 games in 1974 , but finished 7-12-1 after winning six of 10 down the stretch . The Thunder played 11 games in 1975 when the league ceased operations . `` You want to talk about a real struggle , '' Coury told The Oregonian in 2012 . `` The league could n't even pay the players . They just stopped paying the guys after a while . The fans in Portland were so good they brought sandwiches to the games for the players , or they 'd stop at practices and bring picnic lunches . `` They knew we were struggling , and were trying to make life pleasant . I 'll never forget that . '' Coury returned in 1985 with the Breakers , the USFL franchise on its third city after stops in Boston and New Orleans . Coury was the coach at each stop . The Breakers went 6-12 during their one-year Portland run . The franchise folded after losing some $ 17 million over three years . `` Portland was so good to us , and we were trying to be good for Portland , '' Coury said in 2012 . Coury , a 1951 graduate of Notre Dame , finished his coaching career as an NFL assistant . He was New England 's offensive coordinator from 1991-92 . Coury retired in 1999 after a two-year stint with the Rams . Coury later moved to Portland and for a time served as an assistant coach at Lake Oswego , where son Steve has coached since 1992 . Here is 2012 audio of Dick Coury talking about his career with The Oregonian 's John Canzano . -- Nick Daschel | ndaschel@oregonian.com | @nickdaschel Subscribe to Oregonian/OregonLive newsletters and podcasts for the latest news and top stories .", "url": "https://www.oregonlive.com/beavers/2020/08/dick-coury-coach-of-two-portland-pro-football-teams-father-of-lake-oswego-coach-steve-coury-dies-at-91.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.5464750817417231, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'lesbian': 1}, 'nostrict': {'gay': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfLfb8T", "stitle": "` Wedding Every Weekend ' Movie Viewers Rave Over Hallmark Channel 's First Same-Sex Wedding", "seg_title_stem": "` wedding every Weekend ' movie viewer rave over Hallmark Channel 's First Same-Sex wedding", "seg_content": "Over the weekend , viewers of the Saturday night premiere of `` Wedding Every Weekend '' on The Hallmark Channel took to Twitter to rave about the network 's first same-sex wedding . The TV movie starred Kimberley Sustad and Paul Campbell as Brooke and Nate , two single friends that attended four weddings in four weeks as each other 's plus-ones . Over the course of the film , the two fall in love , but the folks on Twitter were more excited about the same-sex wedding between supporting characters Vicky -LRB- Carmel Amit -RRB- and Amanda -LRB- Makayla Moore -RRB- that was featured in the film . `` Tonight so much for me came true ! I got to see diverse and inclusive storytelling in my beloved @hallmarkchannel movies ! More to come , I know it . So proud to be a part of the Hallmark family !!! #Loveisloveislove #Hallmarkies #WeddingEveryWeekend , '' one fan tweeted . Another person added , `` What the what ?! @hallmarkchannel quietly adding a lesbian wedding to one of its summer premiere movies just made my night ! Love the inclusiveness ! Sparkling heart #WeddingEveryWeekend . '' Meanwhile , one viewer praised the network 's decision and admitted they were looking forward to what 's next . `` Important ! As a network focused on love , @hallmarkchannel can give real visibility to relationships b/w all the beautiful & différent people around us every day . I look forward to the possible Asian , Pacific Islander , Middle Eastern , Black , gay , trans , Jewish , Muslim characters , '' the individual wrote . Hallmark 's first same-sex wedding comes less than a year after the network 's CEO Mike Perry issued an apology after facing backlash over pulling several commercials that featured two women kissing at their wedding . `` Earlier this week , a decision was made at Crown Media Family Networks to remove commercials featuring a same-sex couple . The Crown Media team has been agonizing over this decision as we 've seen the hurt it has unintentionally caused , '' Perry said at the time . `` Said simply , they believe this was the wrong decision . Our mission is rooted in helping all people connect , celebrate traditions , and be inspired to capture meaningful moments in their lives . Anything that detracts for this purpose is not who we are . As the CEO of Hallmark , I am sorry for the hurt and disappointment this has caused . ''", "url": "https://www.ibtimes.com/wedding-every-weekend-movie-viewers-rave-over-hallmark-channels-first-same-sex-3029238", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9624024629592896, "Society": 0.9874372482299805}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9624024629592896, "Society_Other": 0.9874372482299805}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10721757400622649, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfLszbw", "stitle": "Mad Max Director Reveals What Tom Hardy and Heath Ledger Have in Common With Babe Stars", "seg_title_stem": "Mad Max Director reveal what Tom Hardy and Heath Ledger have in common with Babe Stars", "seg_content": "Back in May , Mad Max : Fury Road had its five-year anniversay , and fans of the franchise learned a lot about its last installment from clashes actors had on set to actors who almost played the roles . One unique thing about the Mad Max films is that all four have been directed by George Miller , which is impressive when you consider the first one was made in 1979 . Miller has worked with many actors over the years , but Mel Gibson and Tom Hardy both played the titular role of Max . In a recent interview with Josh Horowitz 's `` Happy Sad Confused '' podcast , Miller spoke about Gibson and Hardy as well as Heath Ledger . Before Ledger passed away in 2008 , Miller had considered him to be the next Max . While speaking with Horowitz , Miller compared the three actors not only to each other but to his days working on the Babe movies . `` Every time -LSB- Ledger would -RSB- come to Australia , he 'd call in and we 'd talk and I always had him in mind , '' Miller said . `` Mel , when I first met him , Heath , when I got to know him , and Tom all have in common the quality of kind of animal magnetism . When I worked on the ` Babe ' movies with the animals and I got to work with the animals ... there is this wonderful thing that happens when you want to pet them and roll around with them but on the other hand , you are very aware of some inner mystery that goes on . They are highly accessible as people -- I 'm talking about the three guys -- and on the other hand , they are a mystery , you 'll never get to know them . That 's one of the essences of charisma and the paradox of that . They all have it . '' During the interview , Miller also said he did n't want to talk about his Furiosa film and jinx it . `` It 's too early to talk about it , '' Miller explained . `` I 've always had this slight superstition -- you do n't want to give hostage to fortune by , basically , talking about a film . I remember talking about ` Mad Max 1 ' just before 9/11 as if it was supposed to happen in a few weeks ' time . It took close to a decade to get made . '' Are you excited for the potential Furiosa film ? Tell us in the comments ! You can watch Miller 's full interview with Horowitz in the video above . Disclosure : ComicBook is owned by CBS Interactive , a division of ViacomCBS .", "url": "https://comicbook.com/movies/news/mad-max-director-reveals-what-tom-hardy-heath-ledger-mel-gibson-have-in-comming-babe-animals/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000079870224}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Movies": 1.0000079870224}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.050782661634268415, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'penis': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfMlqUF", "stitle": "Sally Jacobs obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Sally Jacobs obituary", "seg_content": "In a career ranging from Peter Brook 's greatest productions at the Royal Shakespeare Company , the Marat/Sade in 1964 and A Midsummer Night 's Dream in 1970 , to operas at Covent Garden , and new plays by Timberlake Wertenbaker and Stephen Jeffreys , the designer Sally Jacobs , who has died of cancer aged 87 , was an important figure in theatre of the last half century . But the continuity of her career was not always apparent . Although she returned to Stratford-upon-Avon in 1979 to design Brook 's revival of Antony and Cleopatra , she had by then spent a decade in Los Angeles , where she had worked at the Mark Taper Forum and with brilliant American artists of that generation such as the directors Joe Chaikin and Richard Foreman , and the playwright Sam Shepard . And in 1973 she had started work again with Brook on The Conference of the Birds in New York , continuing the project of improvisations and drawings based on an allegorical poem by a 12th-century Sufi poem -- puppets and masks , costumes of gorgeous silk plumage -- at his Bouffes du Nord theatre in Paris , the African tour so vividly documented in a 1977 book by John Heilpern , and its triumphant re-emergence at the Avignon festival of 1979 . When she returned to Britain full-time in 1982 , she was in demand as a teacher at Central School of Art and Design , and the Slade School of Fine Art , having spent some years in the congenial and well-funded US theatre schools that maintain professional contacts , such as Rutgers in New Jersey and the University of California in LA. . Her sensational designs for Andrei Serban 's 1984 production of Puccini 's Turandot at the Royal Opera House -- a production that stayed in the repertoire for more than 30 years -- developed the Chinese circus impulse behind the RSC Dream into a Chinese theatre of stark , violent pageantry . Sally was born in Mother Levy 's Jewish Maternity hospital in Whitechapel , east London , at around the same time , and in the same place , as Lionel Bart and Arnold Wesker . Her parents were Bernard Rich , a furrier , and his wife , Esther -LRB- nee Bart , no relation to Lionel -RRB- , a milliner . She was educated at Dalston County secondary school in Hackney , St Martin 's School of Art and the Central School of Arts and Crafts . Money was tight , so she learned shorthand and typing in order to do office work to contribute to the household while she continued her studies . While working as a secretary at a film copyright agency in Soho for # 3 a week , she met a writer there , Alexander Jacobs , who paid her parents so that Sally could concentrate on art . She was still a teenager , but she and Alexander stayed together , and married in 1953 . Their respective careers took off , hers with the RSC , his with the film director John Boorman , for whom he wrote two Hollywood screenplays , Point Blank and Hell in the Pacific . Sally 's second RSC production was Women Beware Women directed by Anthony Page at the Arts theatre in 1962 , with John Thaw and Nicol Williamson in the cast . She was interviewed by Brook after she had seen his production of King Lear with Paul Scofield in the same year and was invited by him to join the first workshop of his Theatre of Cruelty season in 1963 . This radical strain in the RSC 's work , inspired by Antonin Artaud 's theories of disturbing , cathartic theatre , not `` filth '' -LRB- as the developing row implied -RRB- , climaxed in the staging at the Aldwych of Peter Weiss 's play Marat/Sade , set in the bath house of an asylum where the inmates , directed by the Marquis de Sade , re-enact the murder of Jean-Paul Marat by Charlotte Corday . Jacobs placed the extraordinary ensemble riot of orgiastic violence , disputation and lunacy on a pattern of small pools sunk in the floor , covered with duckboards , with benches around the periphery , pipes and water jets everywhere , a fully lit stage , no props , no black-out in the audience , and no curtain . Her design was as powerful a factor in the overwhelming impact of this show -- the actors applauded -LRB- ironically -RRB- the audience at the end -- as were Richard Peaslee 's music and the performances of Glenda Jackson , Ian Richardson and Patrick Magee . She found time to design costumes for two films : Clive Donner 's Nothing but the Best -LRB- 1963 -RRB- , written by Frederic Raphael , with Alan Bates , and Boorman 's Catch Us If You Can -LRB- 1965 -RRB- , with the Dave Clark Five , on which Alexander was an assistant producer . Marat/Sade was followed by US -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , a documentary-style protest show for which Jacobs designed a sort of dangerous , volatile playground featuring a large American soldier with a rocket for a penis . She created more conventional RSC productions -- Love 's Labour 's Lost for John Barton in 1964 and Twelfth Night -LRB- Diana Rigg as Viola , Ian Holm as Malvolio -RRB- for Clifford Williams in 1966 -- but A Midsummer Night 's Dream was the one everyone talked about . Watching Chinese acrobats with Jacobs , said Brook , gave him the key : `` a human being who , by pure skill , demonstrates joyfully that he can transcend his natural constraints , become a reflection of pure energy . This said ` fairy ' to us . A new imagery could begin to flow from Sally 's rich creativity . '' A white box for the set -- which could be gymnasium or playground or forest -- mechanicals in string vests and flat caps , Oberon and Puck sitting on trapezes , metal coils for trees , Titania in her bower of scarlet flowers , nothing up their sleeves , all in white light . The production was an international smash hit and toured for years . Jacobs was able to continue with Brook even as she and Alexander settled in Hollywood , where his work now decreed his presence . Her American theatre portfolio grew , but the marriage was failing -- they separated , but never divorced , and Alexander died in 1979 . At Covent Garden , Jacobs followed her triumph on Turandot with another Serban production , Fidelio in 1986 , for which she found engravings expressing the opera 's themes of redemption , freedom and the soul 's release from suffering ; the set was a vast dungeon which finally breaks open as Leonora rescues Florestan and sunlight floods the stage . For the ENO , she also designed a critically approved Eugene Onegin , directed by Graham Vick , and David Freeman 's 1996 version of Zimmermann 's modern classic Die Soldaten . For Wertenbaker 's Three Birds Alighting on a Field -LRB- 1991 -RRB- at the Royal Court she supplied a maze of transparent Perspex , empty frames -LRB- it was an art world satire -RRB- and a beautiful landscape , while for Jeffreys ' Elizabethan burlesque The Clink -- one of four new plays she designed for the Paines Plough theatre company in the 1990s -- she placed a jagged wooden stage against a backdrop of the outline of England . Like so many great designers , her working life began and ended in the art colleges and among students and aspirant professionals . Alongside her teaching , she remained active in her studio in Muswell Hill , north London , making performance art , installations and paintings . Her archive is held by the Harvard Theatre Collection . She is survived by Toby , her son with Anthony , and two grandchildren . • Sally Marie Jacobs , designer , born 5 November 1932 ; died 1 August 2020", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/stage/2020/aug/16/sally-jacobs-obituary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9999650716781616}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Performing": 0.9999650716781616}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Performing_Acting": 0.5997129678726196}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06043619850992103, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfNMED1", "stitle": "Parents of toddler with severe epilepsy seek legal review of cannabis oil guidelines", "seg_title_stem": "parent of toddler with severe epilepsy seek legal review of cannabis oil guideline", "seg_content": "The parents of a toddler with severe epilepsy are seeking a landmark judicial review of rigid guidelines that effectively prevent the NHS from prescribing medical cannabis oil , a substance that they say has allowed their son to live a much healthier life , to thousands of sick children . Charlie Hughes , 3 , has a rare form of epilepsy called West syndrome , which is resistant to most forms of treatment and can cause him to have up to 120 seizures a day , according to his parents , Alison and Matt Hughes . With regular full extract cannabis oil , however , he experiences a maximum of 20 less severe seizures a day . The NHS has prescribed him seven different anti-epilepsy drugs , including benzodiazepines , which largely left him dazed , lethargic , and still having 100 seizures a day . He has almost been entirely weaned off those drugs . Matt Hughes , an IT manager who founded the information forum MedCan Support , said cannabis oil had transformed his son 's life and questioned why some dependency-forming drugs with debilitating side-effects wee not subject to the same rigid prescribing guidelines that make them effectively unobtainable . His family , who live in Norwich , pay hundreds of pounds a month to source cannabis medicine privately because clinicians at two NHS trusts refuse to prescribe Dutch-made oils , even though they are produced according to the European Medicines Agency 's guidelines for good manufacturing practice . Full extract cannabis oil remains unlicensed for prescription in the UK , but it is not uncommon for unlicensed drugs to be prescribed . It contains both CBD and THC , the psychoactive component of cannabis that adds regulatory hurdles and burdensome import processes , which increases costs . It has had a life-changing effect for Charlie , after he began courses of the medicine in May 2019 . He can feed himself , shows greater interest in his toys , and is far more vocal than before , though he remains unable to speak or walk . The family is receiving legal aid for the action at the high court against the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence -LRB- Nice -RRB- , which sets prescribing guidelines for the health service . On 30 July , Mr Justice Holman granted the Hughes family permission for a judicial review in Charlie 's name against the Nice guidelines on the basis of `` alleged inadequate consultation '' and an `` alleged failure to take into account relevant considerations , '' court documents show . The high court judge paid tribute to the `` dogged persistence '' with which the Hugheses had sought `` what they believe to be the best , and safe , treatment for their son and the rare and serious condition from which he suffers '' . The Hugheses will argue that the current evidence , despite much of it being anecdotal and low quality , should be enough to at least support modest recommendations for doctors to consider cannabis oil for severe cases of treatment-resistant epilepsy . Lawyers will suggest that Nice have not adequately considered he appraisal of the chief medical officer for England , Sally Davies , that there is `` conclusive evidence of the therapeutic benefit of cannabis-based medicinal products for certain medical conditions -LSB- including epilepsy -RSB- '' . As cannabis is not a single-molecule medicine , the effects of which may be less easily assessed in randomised control trials -LRB- RCTs -RRB- , a more flexible and pragmatic approach to ascertaining its apparent real-world efficacy should be considered , it will also be argued . The health watchdog has acknowledged the need for more research to build the evidence base for the use of cannabis medicines , and supports NHS England 's call to collect evidence from both RCTs and observational studies . It maintains there is not clear evidence of the safety and effectiveness of cannabis oil , which is available through public healthcare systems in several G20 countries . Specialist doctors can technically prescribe it -- after weighing up patients ' circumstances , clinical condition and need -- but it is understood that some trusts have effectively blocked such attempts , while others are waiting for an official green light as the private market booms . If the review is successful , then the family will seek for the guidance to be redrafted . This could be significant , experts say , potentially emboldening some doctors to insist on the prescription of Dutch or Israeli oils that have not gone through all requisite regulatory hurdles in the UK . It would not make its prescription obligatory , however . Hughes said of his son 's improvement since taking cannabis : `` Charlie is happier , more alert , far more vocal , constantly babbling and takes an interest in his toys . He can feed himself and loves nothing more than some rough and tumble with me . He 's come alive again . `` No one knows definitively what effect all those anti-epileptic drugs in combination with each other have on the development of the brain . If he was n't asleep or completely zonked out , he was just seizing . Cannabis has massively improved his general wellbeing . '' With regards to cannabis-based medicines available on the NHS for epilepsy , Nice recommends just Epidyolex for two rare syndromes of the condition . Because of European Medicines Agency recommendations , it must be taken in conjunction with Clobazam , a benzodiazepine that some parents have said can cause troubling side-effects including hallucinations and amnesia . Prof Harry Sumnall of Liverpool John Moores University said the review , if upheld , could provide welcome clarity over whether NHS doctors can prescribe medicinal cannabis . He remained mindful that high-quality evidence of its benefits was still lacking . He said : `` Nice has argued that the guidance is clear and that there is nothing stopping the NHS from currently prescribing cannabis-based products . Perhaps a successful outcome for the claimant will lead to clarity over this , or generate momentum for prescribing in the claimant 's particular case . '' Nice , which was given 35 days to contest the claim , said it would not comment as legal proceedings were ongoing . The hearing could be heard by the end of the year .", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/society/2020/aug/16/parents-of-toddler-with-severe-epilepsy-seek-legal-review-of-cannabis-oil-guidelines", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9993396997451782}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9993396997451782}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.030221279353049392, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfO1hJv", "stitle": "An Oregon cannabis farm on ` Growing Belushi ' ; Chad Wolf discusses Portland protests on ` Axios ' : TV This Week", "seg_title_stem": "a Oregon cannabis farm on ` grow Belushi ' ; Chad Wolf discuss Portland protest on ` Axios ' : tv this week", "seg_content": "Television `` The Circus : Inside the Wildest Political Show on Earth '' : The documentary series about reporters covering politics returns for Season 5 . -LRB- 8 p.m. Sunday , Showtime -RRB- `` Amy Schumer Learns to Cook '' : The comedian and Chris Fischer , her chef husband , return for more culinary adventures . -LRB- 10 p.m. Monday , Food Network -RRB- `` Axios '' : The documentary news series returns with an interview with Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Chad Wolf , who will , according to a press release , address `` domestic terrorism and criticism of how the agency handled the Portland protests . '' The program will also feature an interview with Julián Castro , former secretary of Housing and Urban Development ; and a look at Washington state 's mail-in ballot system . -LRB- 11:15 p.m Monday , HBO -RRB- `` Dead Pixels '' : Here 's another import , a show from the U.K. about a group of people obsessed with an online fantasy game . -LRB- 8 p.m. Tuesday , The CW -RRB- `` Growing Belushi '' : A new series that follows actor Jim Belushi as he develops his cannabis-growing business in Southern Oregon . -LRB- 10 p.m. Wednesday , Discovery ; Stream on Hulu + Live TV ; or fuboTV . -RRB- Streaming `` Punk 'd '' : The updated version of the prank-pulling show returns for Season 2 . -LRB- Available to stream beginning Monday , Quibi -RRB- `` Beth Stelling : Girl Daddy '' : The comedian stars in her own stand-up comedy special . -LRB- Available to stream beginning Thursday , HBO Max -RRB- `` Singletown '' : Another British import , this reality show focuses on couples who `` press pause on their relationships and spend one incredible summer living their best single lives in the city . '' A matchmaker is on hand to pair up the singles , and the question is , will they reunite with their partners , or head to Splitsville ? -LRB- Available to stream beginning Thursday , HBO Max -RRB- Already streaming `` Ted Lasso '' : Jason Sudeikis stars in a new comedy as a college football coach from Kansas who 's hired to coach a U.K. pro soccer team . Does he have any experience coaching soccer ? No , and there lies the comedy , we 're guessing . Sudeikis is an executive producer , along with comedy veteran Bill Lawrence -LRB- `` Scrubs '' -RRB- . -LRB- Streaming , Apple TV + -RRB- `` Teenage Bounty Hunters '' : Gee , ya think that tile kind of gives away what the show 's about ? The bounty hunters in this case are teen twin sisters . -LRB- Streaming , Netflix -RRB- `` World 's Toughest Race : Eco Challenge Fiji '' : Bear Grylls hosts what is described as an 11-day expedition `` that pushes competitors to their physical and emotional limits , '' in a challenge featuring 66 teams who come to Fiji to compete in a global adventure race . Among the team competing is one from Bend . -LRB- Streaming , Amazon Prime Video -RRB- -- Kristi Turnquist kturnquist@oregonian.com 503-221-8227 @Kristiturnquist Subscribe to Oregonian/OregonLive newsletters and podcasts for the latest news and top stories .", "url": "https://www.oregonlive.com/entertainment/2020/08/growing-belushi-chad-wolf-discusses-portland-protests-on-axios-the-circus-tv-this-week.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.999812662601471}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 0.999812662601471}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 0.999812662601471}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.32217718867035194, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfOKe2E", "stitle": "Naked Local Guy Caught on Trail Cam", "seg_title_stem": "naked local Guy Caught on trail cam", "seg_content": "A Scioto County , Ohio family captured some unusual wildlife on a trail camera at their farm -- a naked man turning cartwheels . I spoke to a family member who did n't want to give his name or the exact location of the farm . He said the property is located in Scioto County close to the Minford line . Continue Reading", "url": "https://mp.newsbreakapp.com/post/10551182?sig=F3F8F949C0D910098DAC36F421445A22", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.027217820728127243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'flashing': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfOMiUi", "stitle": "Hopkinton baseball feeling bittersweet after winning Central Mass. . Senior Babe Ruth championship", "seg_title_stem": "Hopkinton baseball feeling bittersweet after win Central Mass. . senior Babe Ruth championship", "seg_content": "As Jack Breslin jogged out to left field on Friday evening , he started to choke up with tears . With his Senior Babe Ruth team up by nearly 10 runs in the seventh inning , the recent Hopkinton High graduate just finished his final at-bat as a baseball player in the top half of the inning and was three outs away from stepping off of a baseball field for the final time . `` It 's bittersweet . For me , I 'm done ; I 'm not playing in college . We were up by a lot in the last inning and I was standing in left field and I was like , ` This is it , it 's over , ''' Breslin , 19 , said . Hopkinton went on to defeat Marlborough , 12-4 , to claim a Central Mass. . Senior Babe Ruth championship . The Hillers won the best-of-three championship series by claiming the first two games . `` Happy to win , '' Breslin said . `` But sad it 's over . '' After the victory , Breslin and his 10 other recent Hopkinton High grads shared hugs with teammates , coaches and parents , and posed for a slew of pictures . `` It was a different kind of celebration , '' Hopkinton baseball coach Steve Simoes said . `` I saw quite a few tears from the seniors . '' Finishing up a story on the Hopkinton Senior Babe Ruth team , who won a Central Mass. title on Friday . Here are 2 pictures after their win and 2 pictures flashing back to 2014 for 2 recent Hopkinton 2020 graduates @tambrosone24 @jackbreslin27 . href = `` https://twitter.com/jackbreslin27?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw” > @jackbreslin27 . href = `` https://t.co/NcQ6h8A29w” > pic.twitter.com/NcQ6h8A29w -- Tommy Cassell -LRB- @tommycassell44 -RRB- August 16 , 2020 On June 22 , 2019 , the Hopkinton High baseball team lost to St. Mary 's -LRB- Lynn -RRB- in the Division 2 state championship game . Afterward , the team shared tears and hugs . Fast forward 418 days -- past a canceled 2020 spring season due to COVID-19 -- and tears and hugs were shared again with a different sentiment attached to them by a similar contingent of Hillers . `` It felt like we were robbed of a chance for redemption , '' recent Hopkinton High grad Tommy Ambrosone said . `` But then when I heard I could get one more chance to play for Coach Simoes and with all my friends I grew up with one last time , it was a no-brainer and it could n't have been a better finish . '' `` With the situation , you could n't ask for anymore , '' Breslin said . `` We did the most with the cards we were given and we got to win something at least . We 're a tight-knit group . So it was a lot of hugs , goodbyes and a lot of sad stuff but happy to win at the same time . '' For rising Hopkinton High senior Ronnie Shamus , who won the MetroWest Home Run Derby a day prior , winning a championship with the 11 seniors from the Class of 2020 was a special consolation prize to not having a high school baseball season this spring . `` It feels good to put a cap on the season , especially for the seniors , '' he said . `` It meant so much to all those guys and they were so passionate about everything they did for high school baseball . They deserve all the recognition they can get . '' At the beginning of the season , when Hopkinton played against Medway on July 6 in the first baseball game of the summer after coronavirus restrictions were semi-lifted , the group of seniors gave their coach a picture of all of them together . It included a popular mantra of the program in the middle : `` free practice for life . '' `` Thank you so much , '' Simoes said at the time . `` You normally do n't get a gift after Game 1 . '' After their final game on Friday , the Hillers gave Simoes a different gift : a championship trophy . `` It was a really positive experiment , '' Simoes said . `` Logistically , it was difficult trying to secure fields and social distancing and meeting all the regulations . But they made it unbelievably easy to coach . ... A spectacular group of kids who wanted one last run together . '' After Breslin ran off the field on Friday , he shed a few tears . And the soon-to-be Santa Clara University student who will study business but wants to make a career of flying planes , explained the summer baseball season best in aviation terms . `` Obviously at the beginning it was very bumpy , '' he said . `` You take off and you 're bumpy low and when the season started to go we got above the clouds and just kind of cruised smooth until Friday . We made a great landing . '' Tommy Cassell is a senior multimedia journalist for the Daily News . He can be reached at tcassell@wickedlocal.com . Follow him on Twitter @tommycassell44 .", "url": "https://www.milforddailynews.com/sports/20200816/hopkinton-baseball-feeling-bittersweet-after-winning-central-mass-senior-babe-ruth-championship", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000061988830566}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.0000061988830566}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 1.0000061988830566}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007302774204515859, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfOXJEM", "stitle": "IDFPR : Announces Approval of Permanent Rules for Conditional Adult Use Cannabis Dispensary Licenses Tiebreaking Process", "seg_title_stem": "IDFPR : Announces Approval of Permanent Rules for Conditional adult use cannabis Dispensary Licenses Tiebreaking process", "seg_content": "Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regualtion issued the following announcement on Aug. 12 . The Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation -LRB- IDFPR -RRB- announced that permanent rules have been adopted for adult use cannabis dispensary licensees to be selected when there are two or more applicants in the same Bureau of Labor Statistics Regions with tied high scores . The rules , which were filed in June , may be found here . The approval of these rules allows IDFPR to move forward in awarding the 75 conditional adult use cannabis dispensary licenses that were authorized by the 2019 Cannabis Regulation and Tax Act . Consistent with the new rules , IDFPR will provide a public notice announcing the applicants with tied high scores who , if they meet the requirements in the rules , may participate in the selection process for a conditional license . `` We are pleased that these rules have been adopted , and we remain unwavering in our commitment to ensuring these licenses are issued in a fair and objective way that implements Illinois ' equity-centric law , '' said Toi Hutchinson , Senior Advisor for Cannabis Control to Gov. Pritzker . `` Additional licenses will be made available in the coming years and these rules will help ensure a strong foundation is established for the licensing process in the future . '' Once IDFPR awards a conditional license , the licensee will have 180 days to find a location within its BLS Region to operate . A license to operate can not be issued if the location is within 1,500 feet of an existing licensed dispensing organization . More about the awarding of the conditional adult use dispensing organization licenses may be found under 410 ILCS 705/15 -25 and 15-30 of the Cannabis Regulation and Tax Act . In addition , application scoring for craft grower , infuser and transporter licenses is being finalized , and the Illinois Department of Agriculture will announce award dates in the near future . Original source can be found here .", "url": "https://chicagocitywire.com/stories/548490154-idfpr-announces-approval-of-permanent-rules-for-conditional-adult-use-cannabis-dispensary-licenses-tiebreaking-process", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03255665532502101, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfOdFz0", "stitle": "This Day in Yankee History : The Greatest Baseball player Babe Ruth dies", "seg_title_stem": "this day in Yankee history : the greatest baseball player Babe Ruth die", "seg_content": "George Herman `` Babe '' Ruth born in 1895 , is the greatest Yankee baseball player to have ever to play the game . He would go on to hit 714 home runs , 2,213 RBI 's , over 2,000 bases on balls , with a slugging percentage of .690 and an OPS of 1.164 , two records that still stand today . He was not only a great baseball player but still , today stands as one of America 's greatest sports icons in American culture . So goes the story of the real Babe Ruth that few know about . Ruth was born in Baltimore Maryland . With his father working long hours in his saloon and his mother often in poor health , Little George -LRB- as he was known -RRB- spent his days unsupervised on the waterfront streets and docks , committing petty theft and vandalism . Hanging out in his father 's bar , he stole money from the till drained the last drops from old beer glasses , and developed a taste for chewing tobacco . He was only six years old . Having been declared incorrigible at the age of seven by the Baltimore courts , his parents sent him to St. Mary 's Industrial School . After a month passed they brought him back home to see if he had changed and reconciliation could be achieved , he had n't and it would lead to several attempts by his parents . in 1904 at the age of nine , Ruth would meet the Roman Catholic Brother Matthias at St. Mary 's . Later in life when asked about Brother Matthias , Ruth would say . He changed my life , `` He taught me to read and write and he taught me the difference between right and wrong , He was the father I needed and the greatest man I 've ever known . '' Ruth would end up living his young life at the school until the age of eighteen . During that time his mentor would throw balls at the boys to catch . Young George was thrilled to catch and throw the ball . He imitated the Brother 's hitting style , holding the bat at the knob and taking big swings . As he grew older he began to actually play baseball at St. Mary 's . In one St. Mary 's game in 1913 , Ruth , then 18 years old , caught , played third base -LRB- even though he threw left-handed -RRB- , and pitched , striking out six men , and collecting a double , a triple , and a home run . That summer , he was allowed to pitch with local amateur and semipro teams on weekends . Impressed with his play a Baltimore scout Jack Dunn signed Ruth to his minor-league Baltimore Orioles club the following February . The Orioles short on money sold the young Ruth to the Boston Red Sox . During the offseason , Babe married his girlfriend Boston waitress Helen Woodford . In the following season , he shined for the Sox , winning three complete games in a span of nine days in June . Between June 1 and September 2 , Ruth was 13-1 and ended the season 18-8 . The personality of the younger Ruth began to show it 's head as he caroused at night and began to argue with umpires . In his six seasons with Boston , he won 89 games and recorded a 2.19 ERA . He had a four-year stretch where he was second in the AL in wins and ERA behind Walter Johnson , and Ruth had a winning record against Johnson in head-to-head matchups . But also during the time , he fought with management and was as a headache . His continued outright refusal to adhere to the team 's curfew earned him several suspensions and his non-stop salary demands infuriated owner Frazee . Just after New Year 's 1920 , the worst deal in Major League history would be made . The Boston Red Sox would sell Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees for $ 100,000 . Frazee would comment that Ruth was one of the most selfish and inconsiderate men that ever wore a baseball uniform . He also said Ruth ate and drank excessively , frequented prostitutes , and had been involved in several car accidents . It would have surprised no one if , for whatever reason , Ruth was out of baseball in a year or two . It was a gamble that the Yankees were will to take . While Babe Ruth was with the Yankees he broke every record in baseball . He became an American Icon and a part of American culture . In his fifteen years with the Yankees alone , hit scored nearly 2,000 runs and 2,000 RBI 's . He also hit 659 home runs . In 1928 the Yankees got the AL pennant . The Yankees swept the Cardinals that year and Ruth hit 54 home run on the year . During this time , the Yankees were known as Murderers ' Row , because of the power of its lineup , In January 1929 , Babe 's first wife , Helen , died in a house fire in Watertown , Massachusetts . At the end of the 29 season , Miller Higgins passed away and Ruth applied for the job but was never seriously considered for the job . By the end of June 1930 , Ruth was ahead of his 60-homer pace of 1927 , but injuries slowed him down and he finished with 49 . In 1931 , at age 36 , Ruth had one of his finest seasons . He hit .373 / .495 / .700 , with 46 home runs , 162 RBIs , 128 walks , and 149 runs scored . The Yankees swept the Chicago Cubs in the 1932 World Series , giving them wins in 12 straight World Series games . For the previous few years , Ruth 's hard living and injuries were catching up with him . In 1934 due to his declining health and stats Yankee 's owner Ruppert gave Ruth a pay cut of 50 % . , Ruth accepted knowing his 20-year career was coming to an end . On July 13 against the Detroit Tigers , Ruth would hit his 700th home run . Ruth had always wanted to be a manager , So Yankees manager Ruppert worked out a secret deal with Boston Braves manager to offer Ruth a contract would include the titles of Assistant Manager and Vice President . When Ruth would present the deal to the Yankees owner , he said he would n't stand Ruth 's way , so Ruppert 's trick worked . In 1935 with the Braves , Ruth would play in only 28 games batting .181 . Ruth did get the final three home runs of his career that year . Ruth is the only major leaguer to pitch in at least 10 seasons and have a winning record in all of them . Ruth had winning records in 10 seasons : 1914-1921 , 1930 and 1933 . Andy Pettitte now holds the record at 13 seasons -LRB- 1995-2007 -RRB- . Ruth concluded he was finished even as a part-time player . As early as May 12 , he asked Fuchs to let him retire , Ruth retired on June 2 after an argument with Fuchs . On an afternoon in 1945 wearing a brand-new Gems jersey with a bright red baseball cap and matching stockings , the 51-year-old Ruth managed to hit off a handful of home runs before the game , much to the delight of everyone in attendance at Hartford , Connecticut 's Buckeley Stadium . His game-time performance , however , resulted in a handful of unexciting balls and strikes while at-bat . Later he would tell reporters `` Some days the pitches look like watermelons and other days like peanuts . '' No one would know it at the time but it would be the last time Ruth would ever wear a baseball uniform . A few months later he was diagnosed with advanced esophageal cancer in 1946 and died from the disease in 1948 . A living legend took the plate for the last time in front of thousands of adoring fans that September in Connecticut history . Such was the life of George Herman `` Babe '' Ruth . On this day , August 16 , 72 years ago , the `` Babe '' passed away . A requiem mass and funeral for the Babe was held at St. Patrick 's Cathedral three days later . 6,000 mourners bowed their heads as Cardinal Spellman made a special prayer at the end of the solemn 1-hour service . 75,000 people waited outside the Cathedral in the pouring rain to say goodbye the greatest baseball player of all time .", "url": "https://empiresportsmedia.com/new-york-yankees/this-day-in-yankee-history-the-greatest-baseball-player-babe-ruth-dies/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_MLB": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.29954995827712694, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfOm3j0", "stitle": "Rebel Wilson Flaunts Dramatic Transformation With ` Hottest Day of the Year ' Photo", "seg_title_stem": "rebel Wilson flaunt dramatic transformation with ` Hottest Day of the year ' Photo", "seg_content": "Rebel Wilson just brought the glam to Instagram , and flaunted her dramatic weight loss in the process . On Saturday , the Pitch Perfect actor posted a photo of herself wearing a lovely yellow dress , which showed off her slim figure . Over the past several months , Wilson has opened up about making this year her `` Year of Health , '' and has subsequently shared some stunning photos of her progress on social media . In the snap , Wilson can be seen donning a yellow dress from the brand Wayne Cooper . She also highlighted that her flawless makeup look was done by Matthew Vanleeuwen . Wilson stared straight into the camera for the photo , which she captioned with `` Hottest day of the year . '' Fans soon flooded the comments section of the post with some incredibly kind messages that praised the actor 's latest , fashionable look , with one user even commenting , `` You are looking amazing ! Not just the weight loss ... . the confidence and the happiness it brings ! Truly an inspiration ! '' View this post on Instagram A post shared by Rebel Wilson -LRB- @rebelwilson -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 4:59 pm PDT As previously mentioned , Wilson has been vocal about making this year her `` Year of Health . '' At the beginning of the year , she explained that she wanted to make some `` positive changes '' to her lifestyle and noted that others can engage in this challenge too on their own terms . `` I put on the athleisure and went out for a walk , deliberately hydrating on the couch right now and trying to avoid the sugar and junk food which is going to be hard after the holidays I 've just had but I 'm going to do it ! '' she wrote at the time . `` Who 's with me in making some positive changes this year ? '' In May , the Cats star , once again , got candid about her own weight loss goals and explained what she 's been doing to stay fit . She also encouraged her followers to follow suit with their own goals . `` Even if you have to crawl towards your goals , keep going x it will be worth it . Try and give a little bit of effort each day ... I know some days are frustrating as hell , you feel like giving up , you get annoyed at the lack of progress ... '' she wrote alongside a photo of her crawling . `` But good times are coming your way -LSB- rock hands emoji -RSB- what are your goals this year ? I 'll be honest with you guys -- with my ` Year of Health ' mission I 'm trying to get to 75kg 's -LSB- 165 lbs -RSB- and career wise am trying to get once of my movies into production before the end of the year ! Both of these things are requiring a daily effort and there 's constant set backs -- but I 'm working hard x. ''", "url": "https://popculture.com/celebrity/news/rebel-wilson-flaunts-dramatic-transformation-with-hottest-day-year-photo/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.6495355367660522}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.6495355367660522}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.029128796868828976, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfOolDB", "stitle": "Sex offender accused of stalking , invasion of privacy in 3rd area chain store", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender accuse of stalk , invasion of privacy in 3rd area chain store", "seg_content": "A Monroe County man who accused of failing to register as a sex offender following a 2017 arrest in Northampton County and stalking women and children in stores is facing more charges , authorities said . Rocky C. Sokolowski , 36 , of Polk Township , Monroe County was previously charged on Aug. 6 with two counts of stalking and invasion of privacy from incidents spanning June through this month . He was accused of following women and minors through Dollar Tree stores on Route 611 in Hamilton Township and Route 209 in Chestnuthill Township , and Weis Market on Route 209 in Chestnuthill Township . Investigators found Sokolowski additionally was following a woman around Rite Aid along Route 209 in Chestnuthill Township on July 26 , Pennsylvania State Police in Stroudsburg said . In the incidents at Dollar Tree and Weis , Sokolowski used a cellphone camera to film the groin and buttocks of women , `` along with positioning himself directly below women , on his knees in an attempt to smell these same intimate areas , '' according to police . In the Rite Aid incident , police said Sokolowski photographed and `` smelled '' the female victim . Sokolowski also allegedly provided false address information , in violation of Megan 's Law registration requirements . He was ordered in December 2017 to register for 15 years as a Megan 's Law offender following his arrest by Colonial Regional police for invasion of privacy the prior June in Lower Nazareth Township . He admitted taking an up-skirt photo of a woman inside Kohl 's and was also sentenced to one year 's probation . In the Aug. 6 charges , Sokolowski was taken into custody by Troopers Justin Leri , Brian Noll , Milagros Holguin and Garrett Lare . He was arraigned before District Judge Thomas R. Shiffer Jr , who set bail at $ 100,000 . In lieu of bail , Sokolowski initially was sent to the Monroe County jail but court records indicate he then posted bail on Aug. 7 . After being released from prison , police said Sokolowski again failed to update his residency to Megan 's Law . He was arraigned this past Friday on the additional charges before Judge Shiffer , who set bail at a combined $ 200,000 . In lieu of bail , Sokolowski was sent back to the Monroe County jail , where he remained Sunday . Following is Sokolowski 's Megan 's Law Public Report , also available by search at pameganslaw.state.pa.us . Please subscribe now and support the local journalism YOU rely on and trust . Pamela Sroka-Holzmann may be reached at pholzmann@lehighvalleylive.com .", "url": "https://www.lehighvalleylive.com/news/2020/08/sex-offender-accused-of-stalking-invasion-of-privacy-in-3rd-chain-store.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000039339065552}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000039339065552}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11989992666902201, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfQVRYE", "stitle": "Smoking Marijuana During Pregnancy Linked to Low Birth Weigh , Autism", "seg_title_stem": "smoke Marijuana during Pregnancy Linked to low Birth Weigh , Autism", "seg_content": "It might seem like an obvious guideline : Do n't smoke marijuana during pregnancy . But for a long while , there was n't great evidence to support that advice . This is why some expecting mothers that wanted to smoke -- especially if they used marijuana for a medical condition or morning sickness -- often throw caution to the wind . There may have been lies or unhappy obstetricians , but either way , the arguments against it have long been fairly thin . The tides are turning . New research shows that the answer is pretty clear : Marijuana is dangerous for the fetus , and it can lead to lower birth weight , preterm birth , and an increased risk of autism . Historically , it has been difficult for scientists to study weed and pregnancy . Marijuana is listed as a Schedule I drug by the U.S. government , which is the same classification as heroin . Not only does that mean illegal possession can land you a felony charge , but it also means scientists have to jump through a lot of hoops to study it . Despite these restrictions , researchers in the late 1980s figured out that the active ingredient in marijuana , THC , can travel across the bridge of the placenta and get to the fetus . And fetuses as young as 14 weeks gestation have the primary type of receptor that marijuana latches onto to affect the brain -- a receptor that probably plays a role in normal brain development -- so it makes sense that the drug could mess with the brain , according to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists -LRB- ACOG -RRB- . Recently , as more states have begun to legalize recreational marijuana , researchers have published more studies about what happens when pregnant women use the substance . In 2017 , scientists reviewed more than 10,000 studies on cannabis and found that smoking weed during pregnancy can lead to low birth weight in the baby . However , they could n't isolate the effect of cannabis itself . The cause may have been the act of smoking anything at all , which increases carbon monoxide levels in the pregnant woman 's blood and makes it harder for the fetus to get oxygen . Other research suggests that more weed , especially during the first and second trimesters , is more associated with low birth weight -- and using cannabis less than weekly may not do the same damage , according to ACOG . -LRB- The problem with low birth weight is that newborns who come out at less than 2500g have a greater risk of some health complications such as infections and sudden infant death syndrome . -RRB- In a study released last year , a team of Canadian researchers found solid evidence for another negative effect of marijuana use in pregnant women : preterm birth . The team looked at a registry of a large number of births in Ontario and the pregnant women 's self-reported cannabis use data . They found that 6 percent of non-users gave birth to preemies while 12 percent of users did . However , they did n't have data on how often and in which trimester the mother 's used marijuana . To complicate matters , preterm birth findings are n't consistent across studies , and other researchers have found that the weed either had no effect on preterm birth or that it only does when the moms-to-be used both weed and tobacco , according to ACOG . The same Canadian team used that same Ontario birth registry to investigate whether marijuana use in pregnancy leads to neurodevelopmental disorders such as autism . They found that moms who used pot were about 50 percent more likely to give birth to a child with autism . Their analysis also showed a potential connection between marijuana use and having a baby with an intellectual disability or a learning disorder . They made these conclusions after analyzing self-reported cannabis use data and more than 500,000 live births from the start of April 2007 to the end of March 2012 in a study that was published Monday . But even though their findings are pulled from a whole lot of data , they need to be treated with caution . While the team was able to account for socioeconomic status and some aspects of the mothers ' health , they were n't able to include whether the moms smoked rather than ingested pot , how often they used marijuana , and when in their pregnancy they did so . There are other effects of smoking marijuana while pregnant that experts are even less sure about , such as whether it increases the risk of stillbirth . But even if we do n't have the best evidence about all potential outcomes vis-a-vis weed and childbirth , we do know that the drug probably increases the risk of something harmful . With a shortage of data , it 's best to avoid it . That 's the advice of organizations such as ACOG and the American Academy of Pediatrics . `` If women are considering using cannabis in pregnancy , for example , to manage morning sickness symptoms , it will be essential to discuss this with their obstetrician or midwife , '' Daniel Corsi , an epidemiologist and researcher with the Candian studies , told Fatherly . `` There are alternatives to cannabis that -LSB- are -RSB- recommended for treating morning sickness , which are safe for use in pregnancy . '' There is even less data about any harms that may come while breastfeeding and using pot . However , there is limited data that THC is present in the breast milk of women who use marijuana . Since we do n't know what we do n't know , ACOG and AAP further advise against mixing breastfeeding and marijuana . Because when it comes to drugs and your baby , it 's better safe than sorry .", "url": "https://www.fatherly.com/health-science/smoking-marijuana-during-pregnancy-science/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000097751617432, "Society": 0.998580813407898}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.998580813407898, "Health_Other": 1.0000097751617432}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1464319651037364, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1, 'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfQn2oI", "stitle": "How to watch ` Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 ′ as Shark Week comes to an end", "seg_title_stem": "how to watch ` Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 ′ as Shark week come to a end", "seg_content": "Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 premieres tonight , Sunday , August 16 , at 8 p.m. ET/PT as the final show in Discovery 's Shark Week . You can also watch it on FuboTV -LRB- free trial -RRB- , Sling , Philo and Hulu + Live -LRB- free trial -RRB- . This year 's Shark Week has seen a plethora of exciting shows with fun celebrity guest appearances , from ShaqAttack , to Will Smith : Off The Deep End , to Adam Devine 's Secret Shark Lair and more . For the conclusion of Shark Week , Discovery is combining two things you never want to mix -- being naked and in the presence of sharks . Five Naked and Afraid veterans will set out for the Bermuda Triangle . They will spend their time on what the locals call `` shark alley , '' a strip of islands with waters filled with terrifying predators . How well will they manage to survive out in the wet and wild ? Tune in tonight to find out . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it along with other Shark Week programming on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more . You can also watch it on Sling , Philo or Hulu + Live -LRB- free trial -RRB- .", "url": "https://www.syracuse.com/tv/2020/08/how-to-watch-naked-afraid-of-sharks-2-as-shark-week-comes-to-an-end.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 1.000006079673767}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2389602433877277, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1, 'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfQrbiA", "stitle": "How to watch ` Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 ′ as Shark Week comes to an end", "seg_title_stem": "how to watch ` Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 ′ as Shark week come to a end", "seg_content": "Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 premieres tonight , Sunday , August 16 , at 8 p.m. ET/PT as the final show in Discovery 's Shark Week . You can also watch it on FuboTV -LRB- free trial -RRB- , Sling , Philo and Hulu + Live -LRB- free trial -RRB- . This year 's Shark Week has seen a plethora of exciting shows with fun celebrity guest appearances , from ShaqAttack , to Will Smith : Off The Deep End , to Adam Devine 's Secret Shark Lair and more . For the conclusion of Shark Week , Discovery is combining two things you never want to mix -- being naked and in the presence of sharks . Five Naked and Afraid veterans will set out for the Bermuda Triangle . They will spend their time on what the locals call `` shark alley , '' a strip of islands with waters filled with terrifying predators . How well will they manage to survive out in the wet and wild ? Tune in tonight to find out . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it along with other Shark Week programming on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more . You can also watch it on Sling , Philo or Hulu + Live -LRB- free trial -RRB- .", "url": "https://www.silive.com/entertainment/2020/08/how-to-watch-naked-afraid-of-sharks-2-as-shark-week-comes-to-an-end.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 1.000006079673767}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2735977785759033, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1, 'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfQt5fr", "stitle": "How to watch ` Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 ′ as Shark Week comes to an end", "seg_title_stem": "how to watch ` Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 ′ as Shark week come to a end", "seg_content": "Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 premieres tonight , Sunday , August 16 , at 8 p.m. ET/PT as the final show in Discovery 's Shark Week . You can also watch it on FuboTV -LRB- free trial -RRB- , Sling , Philo and Hulu + Live -LRB- free trial -RRB- . This year 's Shark Week has seen a plethora of exciting shows with fun celebrity guest appearances , from ShaqAttack , to Will Smith : Off The Deep End , to Adam Devine 's Secret Shark Lair and more . For the conclusion of Shark Week , Discovery is combining two things you never want to mix -- being naked and in the presence of sharks . Five Naked and Afraid veterans will set out for the Bermuda Triangle . They will spend their time on what the locals call `` shark alley , '' a strip of islands with waters filled with terrifying predators . How well will they manage to survive out in the wet and wild ? Tune in tonight to find out . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it along with other Shark Week programming on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more . You can also watch it on Sling , Philo or Hulu + Live -LRB- free trial -RRB- .", "url": "https://www.al.com/life/2020/08/how-to-watch-naked-afraid-of-sharks-2-as-shark-week-comes-to-an-end.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 1.000006079673767}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2550759677417622, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1, 'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfR2qzC", "stitle": "How to watch ` Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 ′ as Shark Week comes to an end", "seg_title_stem": "how to watch ` Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 ′ as Shark week come to a end", "seg_content": "Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 premieres tonight , Sunday , August 16 , at 8 p.m. ET/PT as the final show in Discovery 's Shark Week . You can also watch it on FuboTV -LRB- free trial -RRB- , Sling , Philo and Hulu + Live -LRB- free trial -RRB- . This year 's Shark Week has seen a plethora of exciting shows with fun celebrity guest appearances , from ShaqAttack , to Will Smith : Off The Deep End , to Adam Devine 's Secret Shark Lair and more . For the conclusion of Shark Week , Discovery is combining two things you never want to mix -- being naked and in the presence of sharks . Five Naked and Afraid veterans will set out for the Bermuda Triangle . They will spend their time on what the locals call `` shark alley , '' a strip of islands with waters filled with terrifying predators . How well will they manage to survive out in the wet and wild ? Tune in tonight to find out . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Naked & Afraid of Sharks 2 if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it along with other Shark Week programming on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more . You can also watch it on Sling , Philo or Hulu + Live -LRB- free trial -RRB- .", "url": "https://www.oregonlive.com/tv/2020/08/how-to-watch-naked-afraid-of-sharks-2-as-shark-week-comes-to-an-end.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 1.000006079673767}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014000832544452632, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfR7h6q", "stitle": "Slight Coastal Cooling Forecast , But Sizzling Heat Wave Continues Inland", "seg_title_stem": "slight Coastal Cooling Forecast , but Sizzling Heat Wave continue Inland", "seg_content": "San Diego County residents can expect a slight cooling near the coast , but the prolonged heat wave will continue Sunday in the inland valleys , mountains and deserts . `` Strong high pressure over the southwest will continue very hot weather through at least the middle of next week , '' the National Weather Service said . `` A coastal eddy could bring some relief from the heat near the coast today and Monday , but the heat will continue inland . '' An excessive heat warning is in effect until 10 p.m. on Wednesday , with the weather service warning of `` dangerously hot conditions . '' Highs Sunday are forecast to be 79 to 84 near the coast , 87 to 92 inland , 91 to 96 in the western valleys , 97 to 102 near the foothills , 93 to 102 in the mountains and 111 to 116 in the deserts .", "url": "https://timesofsandiego.com/life/2020/08/16/slight-coastal-cooling-forecast-but-sizzling-heat-wave-continues-inland/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment": 1.0000097751617432}, "second_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment_Weather": 1.0000097751617432}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.38354513720474426, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'lesbian': 1}, 'nostrict': {'gay': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfRC0j2", "stitle": "Hallmark Channel Gets Glowing Support From Viewers After Debuting Its First Same-Sex Wedding in New Movie", "seg_title_stem": "Hallmark Channel get glowing support from viewer after debut its First Same-Sex wedding in New Movie", "seg_content": "Hallmark Channel debuted a new movie Saturday night , Wedding Every Weekend , which featured the first same-sex wedding in the network 's history . After the film aired , most viewers showed their love and support for Hallmark 's decision to embrace inclusivity and diversity in a new story . The network has been criticized for years and was embroiled in a controversy last year after pulling a commercial that featured a same-sex wedding . Wedding Every Weekend was the first step to change its image , ahead of the new 2020 Christmas movies which will also feature LGBTQ stories and characters . In Wedding Every Weekend , Kimberly Sustad and Paul Campbell play two single friends who agree to be their plus-ones at four weddings so their friends will not set them up . Over the course of the film , the two fall in love anyway . The weddings they attend include a traditional Jewish wedding , a biracial wedding , and the same-sex marriage of their friends , played by Carmel Amit and Makayla Moore . As Entertainment Tonight points out , Hallmark has included LGBT characters in the past , but they are usually only in supporting roles . This was the first time a gay wedding was included in one of its original movies . Amit and Moore 's characters kiss after saying `` I do '' and share a scene with Sustad and Campbell , whose characters are amazed by the beautiful ceremony . Thank you @hallmarkchannel for this step recognizing that love is love ! Congrats to the happy couple !!! ❤ I see , that , sadly , many are saying ` bye Hallmark ' for this . I , however , am saying , `` well , hello Hallmark , nice to see you here . '' :-RRB- -- Nedley 's Office -LRB- @nedleysoffice -RRB- August 16 , 2020 Hallmark has faced criticism over a lack of diversity in its movies , an issue that came to the forefront during a controversy with a Zola.com commercial , which included a same-sex wedding . After it aired , the conservative group One Million Moms claimed it received `` concerns '' about the commercial and demanded the network pull it to `` stay true to its family-friendly roots . '' Hallmark did , but later reversed the decision and apologized . Very happy to see this . I thought i would n't see the day when @hallmarkchannel would include love in all forms . Love is a value of this country i hold dear , and freedom , freedom to love whoever you want to love . -- JMDeLoach -LRB- @masters_jd -RRB- August 16 , 2020 In July , Hallmark announced its 2020 Christmas movie slate , which once again included stories that did not involve LGBTQ characters . Hallmark later said it would include LGBTQ characters and stories in the movies . `` Diversity and inclusion is a top priority for us , '' Hallmark said . `` We are committed to creating a Hallmark experience where everyone feels welcome . '' Thank you for this ! I was delighted to get an excited text from my mom that she just watched two women get married on Hallmark . She often worries about her lesbian daughter -LRB- me -RRB- but this kind of representation helps her be proud . -- Jessica Lorence -LRB- @jmlorence -RRB- August 16 , 2020 Hallmark has continued to face criticism from those who do not agree same-sex marriage should be depicted . When one person said they were `` disappointed '' to see Hallmark `` caved to a few people , '' the network stood by Wedding Every Weekend and its decisions . `` We are proud of our movie , Wedding Every Weekend , '' the network wrote . `` Our priority at Hallmark Channel is to develop a broad mix of content , characters , and stories in order to create a Hallmark experience where everyone feels welcome . '' Way to go ! Do n't let the haters get you down , you 've got a huge audience that 's been waiting for this for years . Good on you for taking the first step . pic.twitter.com/5g0hsS5sv8 -- The Most Golden of Waffles -LRB- @Absolute_Hammer -RRB- August 16 , 2020", "url": "https://popculture.com/tv-shows/news/hallmark-channel-gets-glowing-support-from-viewers-after-debutin/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9951550364494324, "Lifestyle": 0.9580177664756775, "Society": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9951550364494324, "Lifestyle_Other": 0.9580177664756775, "Society_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.028064007751155372, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfRTacG", "stitle": "Marijuana Use After Work Has No Impact On Job Performance , Study Shows", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Use after Work have no impact on Job Performance , Study show", "seg_content": "As marijuana becomes more accepted and even legalized , there still seems to be some bad vibes towards it , especially by employers . The concern is that marijuana use affects job performance . A new study says it does n't affect work , as long as you know when to light up . Researchers from San Diego State and Auburn Universities surveyed 281 employees and supervisors , looked at times workers used cannabis products , and watched to see if bosses noticed a drop in performance . Of course , research shows a drop in performance when use occurs before the shift , but employers did n't notice a difference in the people who used it after the shift . The study focused on three areas of work performance : Task Performance Citizenship Behavior Counterproductive Work Behavior Supervisors reported declines in performance and increases in counterproductive when use occurs right before or during work hours . Although the study does n't find any direct evidence , the researchers say the use of marijuana after work is more than likely beneficial in relieving work-related stress . `` The relaxation induced by cannabis may help employees restore energy spent during the day and they may subsequently return with more stamina to devote to their job once they are back on the clock , '' the management professor said .", "url": "https://kroc.com/marijuana-use-after-work-has-no-impact-on-job-performance-study-shows/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.12910745263119075, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfRU05G", "stitle": "Rebel Wilson Flaunts Weight Loss In Yellow Dress On Instagram", "seg_title_stem": "rebel Wilson flaunt Weight loss in yellow Dress on Instagram", "seg_content": "Actress Rebel Wilson sent fans into a frenzy after posting an Instagram photo amid her weight loss journey . Earlier this year , the `` Pitch Perfect '' star revealed that she would make 2020 her `` year of health . '' As a result , the 40-year-old has been sharing photos on Instagram to update fans on her progress . However , Wilson 's post on Saturday had fans praising the star after she shared several photos on her Instagram page and IG Story of herself in full glam while wearing a belted yellow Wayne Cooper dress . `` Hottest day of the year , '' she wrote in the caption . Wilson 's personal trainer Jono Castano previously told Yahoo! Lifestyle that the star , who is determined to weigh 165 lbs by the end of the year , has been focusing on nutrition and exercise throughout her weight loss journey . `` You ca n't out-train a poor diet , and you ca n't let the weekend derail your fitness goals . It 's a key mistake that a lot of people make . They get to the weekend , and everything goes down the drain , and then basically Monday to Friday , all the hard work that they did is gone , '' Castano explained . `` I 'm all about balance , so with me , if you 're going to have one drink , whatever it is , a chocolate , that 's totally fine as long as it fits into your calorie count . '' Castano credits Wilson 's weight loss success to the actress ' dedication to her workout routine , rather than trying to lose a large amount of weight in a short time . `` If someone comes in -LSB- wanting a transformation -RSB- , the first thing is , we need to really understand where they 're at . So , what I mean by that , is we need to find out their weight , body fat , muscle mass , '' he said . `` Because what tends to happen as well is that a lot of people weigh themselves and they do n't understand why they 're not losing weight , because they 're putting on muscle , and then they 're looking better . '' He added , `` So , then that 's why I love to give them that kind of structure , and we take before photos , and every week we add to the photos , so we understand what 's happening and where we 're getting results . '' Last month , Wilson shared with her Insta followers that she had big goals for the rest of 2020 . `` I 'll be honest with you guys - with my ` Year of Health ' mission I 'm trying to get to 75kg 's and career wise am trying to get one of my movies into production before the end of the year ! Both of these things are requiring a daily effort and there 's constant set backs - but I 'm working hard , '' she wrote .", "url": "https://www.ibtimes.com/rebel-wilson-flaunts-weight-loss-yellow-dress-instagram-3029256", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.985744833946228}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.985744833946228}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2740569974863375, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfRV86r", "stitle": "Feel Good Sunday : Video ~ Equine Companion Helps Woman Battle Breast Cancer", "seg_title_stem": "feel good Sunday : Video ~ Equine Companion help Woman Battle breast cancer", "seg_content": "Source : The Dodo This horse , Willow , helped her mom cope while fighting breast cancer . Now Willow waits outside her deck every morning until she wakes up Keep up with Rachel and Willow on Instagram : thedo.do / myhorsewillow .", "url": "https://rtfitchauthor.com/2020/08/16/feel-good-sunday-video-equine-companion-helps-woman-battle-breast-cancer/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.599299883339381, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfRczBS", "stitle": "Rebel Wilson Flaunts Weight Loss and Tiny Waist in Yellow Dress While Attending a Wedding", "seg_title_stem": "rebel Wilson flaunt Weight loss and Tiny Waist in Yellow Dress while attend a wedding", "seg_content": "Stunning ! Actress Rebel Wilson showed off her incredible weight loss and tiny waist while rocking a gorgeous yellow dress on August 15 . `` Hottest day of the year , '' the 40-year-old captioned a lovely photo of herself , taken by hairstylist Robert Vetica , who also crafted Rebel 's lovely updo she rocked in the image . The Pitch Perfect starlet also shared several similar photos of herself in the sunny dress while attending a friend 's wedding on her Instagram Stories . It 's no surprise to see the Australian actress looking so svelte lately . On July 25 , she shared several snapshots of herself rocking a green bikini during a poolside hangout . Days earlier , she shared pictures of herself rocking a matching blue athleisure look and showing off her awesome curves while on a hike . On July 15 , the Bridesmaids star shared pics of herself looking slim in a boxing ring . Rebel revealed to fans in May she has been hard at work on her health and fitness goals -- and it seems as though she 's totally smashing them . `` Even if you have to crawl towards your goals , keep going , '' she wrote on Instagram at the time . `` It will be worth it . Try and give a little bit of effort each day . '' The Is n't It Romantic star explained her `` mission '' was to get down to `` 75 -LSB- kilograms -RSB- , '' which is 165 pounds . `` I know some days are frustrating as hell , you feel like giving up , you get annoyed at the lack of progress , but good things are coming your way , '' the Jojo Rabbit star continued . `` Both of these things are requiring a daily effort and there 's constant setbacks , but I 'm working hard . '' If there 's anything we could take from Rebel , it would be her dedication to her aspirations . In fact , the Workaholics alum has been so on point with her health journey , she got back on track on New Year 's Day after allowing herself to indulge for the holiday season . `` I put on the athleisure and went out for a walk , deliberately hydrating on the couch right now and trying to avoid the sugar and junk food , which is going to be hard after the holidays I 've just had but I 'm going to do it ! '' she wrote at the time . `` Who 's with me in making some positive changes this year ? '' Count us in , girl .", "url": "https://www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/rebel-wilson-flaunts-weight-loss-and-tiny-waist-in-yellow-dress/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9991394877433777}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9991394877433777}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2510927211193819, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfRnIqc", "stitle": "Smoking Marijuana During Pregnancy Linked to Low Birth Weigh , Autism", "seg_title_stem": "smoke Marijuana during Pregnancy Linked to low Birth Weigh , Autism", "seg_content": "It might seem like an obvious guideline : Do n't smoke marijuana during pregnancy . But for a long while , there was n't great evidence to support that advice . This is why some expecting mothers that wanted to smoke -- especially if they used marijuana for a medical condition or morning sickness -- often throw caution to the wind . There may have been lies or unhappy obstetricians , but either way , the arguments against it have long been fairly thin . The tides are turning . New research shows that the answer is pretty clear : Marijuana is dangerous for the fetus , and it can lead to lower birth weight , preterm birth , and an increased risk of autism . Historically , it has been difficult for scientists to study weed and pregnancy . Marijuana is listed as a Schedule I drug by the U.S. government , which is the same classification as heroin . Not only does that mean illegal possession can land you a felony charge , but it also means scientists have to jump through a lot of hoops to study it . Despite these restrictions , researchers in the late 1980s figured out that the active ingredient in marijuana , THC , can travel across the bridge of the placenta and get to the fetus . And fetuses as young as 14 weeks gestation have the primary type of receptor that marijuana latches onto to affect the brain -- a receptor that probably plays a role in normal brain development -- so it makes sense that the drug could mess with the brain , according to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists -LRB- ACOG -RRB- . Recently , as more states have begun to legalize recreational marijuana , researchers have published more studies about what happens when pregnant women use the substance . In 2017 , scientists reviewed more than 10,000 studies on cannabis and found that smoking weed during pregnancy can lead to low birth weight in the baby . However , they could n't isolate the effect of cannabis itself . The cause may have been the act of smoking anything at all , which increases carbon monoxide levels in the pregnant woman 's blood and makes it harder for the fetus to get oxygen . Other research suggests that more weed , especially during the first and second trimesters , is more associated with low birth weight -- and using cannabis less than weekly may not do the same damage , according to ACOG . -LRB- The problem with low birth weight is that newborns who come out at less than 2500g have a greater risk of some health complications such as infections and sudden infant death syndrome . -RRB- In a study released last year , a team of Canadian researchers found solid evidence for another negative effect of marijuana use in pregnant women : preterm birth . The team looked at a registry of a large number of births in Ontario and the pregnant women 's self-reported cannabis use data . They found that 6 percent of non-users gave birth to preemies while 12 percent of users did . However , they did n't have data on how often and in which trimester the mother 's used marijuana . To complicate matters , preterm birth findings are n't consistent across studies , and other researchers have found that the weed either had no effect on preterm birth or that it only does when the moms-to-be used both weed and tobacco , according to ACOG . The same Canadian team used that same Ontario birth registry to investigate whether marijuana use in pregnancy leads to neurodevelopmental disorders such as autism . They found that moms who used pot were about 50 percent more likely to give birth to a child with autism . Their analysis also showed a potential connection between marijuana use and having a baby with an intellectual disability or a learning disorder . They made these conclusions after analyzing self-reported cannabis use data and more than 500,000 live births from the start of April 2007 to the end of March 2012 in a study that was published Monday . But even though their findings are pulled from a whole lot of data , they need to be treated with caution . While the team was able to account for socioeconomic status and some aspects of the mothers ' health , they were n't able to include whether the moms smoked rather than ingested pot , how often they used marijuana , and when in their pregnancy they did so . There are other effects of smoking marijuana while pregnant that experts are even less sure about , such as whether it increases the risk of stillbirth . But even if we do n't have the best evidence about all potential outcomes vis-a-vis weed and childbirth , we do know that the drug probably increases the risk of something harmful . With a shortage of data , it 's best to avoid it . That 's the advice of organizations such as ACOG and the American Academy of Pediatrics . `` If women are considering using cannabis in pregnancy , for example , to manage morning sickness symptoms , it will be essential to discuss this with their obstetrician or midwife , '' Daniel Corsi , an epidemiologist and researcher with the Candian studies , told Fatherly . `` There are alternatives to cannabis that -LSB- are -RSB- recommended for treating morning sickness , which are safe for use in pregnancy . '' There is even less data about any harms that may come while breastfeeding and using pot . However , there is limited data that THC is present in the breast milk of women who use marijuana . Since we do n't know what we do n't know , ACOG and AAP further advise against mixing breastfeeding and marijuana . Because when it comes to drugs and your baby , it 's better safe than sorry . The post Smoking Marijuana During Pregnancy Linked to Low Birth Weigh , Autism appeared first on Fatherly .", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/lifestyle/parenting/smoking-marijuana-during-pregnancy-linked-to-low-birth-weigh-autism/ar-BB181P3H", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223, "Society": 0.9990009665489197}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.9990009665489197, "Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.94184899465057, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1, 'damn': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfSLvlK", "stitle": "Iranian-American Model Mahlagha Jaberi Sizzles In A Tiny Yellow Bikini : ` Sun-Kissed '", "seg_title_stem": "Iranian-American Model Mahlagha Jaberi Sizzles in a Tiny Yellow Bikini : ` sun-kissed '", "seg_content": "Iranian-American model Mahlagha Jaberi went online on Sunday , August 16 , and treated her whopping 3.1 million followers to a set of hot pictures . In the snaps , Mahlagha rocked a tiny , lemon-yellow bikini that perfectly accentuated her enviable figure . The risque ensemble consisted of a tiny top that featured wide shoulder straps and wired cups to give her breasts an upward push . As a result , the hottie provided her fans with a glimpse of her enviable cleavage . She paired the top with matching bottoms that not only enabled her to display her sexy legs and thighs but also drew attention toward her taut stomach and slender waist . Mahlagha wore her slightly damp , raven-colored tresses down , letting her locks cascade over her back and shoulder . In terms of accessories , she opted for a pair of black sunglasses . According to the geotag , the photoshoot took place in Cancún , Quintana Roo , which is located in southeast Mexico . The pics were captured on a boat , against the background of the beautiful ocean . To the excitement of her fans , Mahlagha shared two snaps from the shoot . In the first image , Malhagha could be seen lying on the deck of the boat . She extended her long legs forward , folded one of her knees , held a hand behind her hair , lifted her chin , and closed her eyes . She also held a glass of orange beverage in her hand as she soaked up the sun . For the second pic , she posed while climbing the ladder of the boat . She held the railings with both her hands for support and turned her face away from the camera . View this post on Instagram Sun-kissed ☀ A post shared by MAHLAGHA -LRB- @mahlaghajaberi -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 12:39 pm PDT Within less than an hour of going live , the snaps racked up more than 36,000 likes . In addition to that , Mahlagha 's most ardent admirers flocked to the comments section and posted about 700 comments to praise her amazing body and beautiful looks . `` Wow , you look so beautiful , babes . I love you , '' one of her fans commented . `` Damn , you have such sexy legs . This bikini is on fire !!! '' another user chimed in . `` Amazing picture !!! You are the most gorgeous woman I have ever seen . You should go for mainstream modeling , '' a third admirer remarked . `` So pretty and sexy !!! I hope you notice me one day , Mahlagha !! ILYSM !!! '' a fourth follower wrote . Apart from her regular followers , several other models and Instagram influencers also liked and commented on the snapshots , including Jenna Jenovich , Helly Luv , and Mariam Rod . Mahlagha often treats her admirers to her skin-baring snapshots . As The Inquisitr previously noted , not too long ago , she posted a set of steamy photographs in which she rocked an olive green bikini . The shoot took place at Laguna Beach in California .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6228803/mahlagha-jaberi-yellow-bikini/", "text_category": null}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08599407812038976, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfSZZ2W", "stitle": "Corning-Painted Post wins Babe Ruth senior league title", "seg_title_stem": "Corning-Painted Post win Babe Ruth senior league title", "seg_content": "ELMIRA , N.Y. -LRB- WETM -RRB- -- A Babe Ruth senior league title was on the line at historic Dunn Field in Elmira on Sunday . Corning-Painted Post defeated Farmers Insurance 8-3 on Sunday to win a Babe Ruth senior league championship . Corning-Painted Post took a 3-0 lead in the second inning as Nolan Terwilliger grounded one to second base that would drive in a run . Farmers Insurance would get on the scoreboard in the bottom half of the inning when Max Goodman hit an RBI single to right to cut the lead to 3-1 . Cam Kennedy was on the mound and would limit the damage for Corning-Painted Post as he would get a strikeout to end the second inning . The win by Corning-Painted Post concluded an exciting Babe Ruth tournament at Dunn Field this weekend .", "url": "https://www.mytwintiers.com/sports/local-sports/corning-painted-post-wins-babe-ruth-senior-league-title/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1666672358673957, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfSd2b0", "stitle": "Sex , drugs and rock ` n ' roll story of WeWork founder Adam Neumann claimed in new book", "seg_title_stem": "sex , drug and rock ` n ' roll story of WeWork founder Adam Neumann claim in new book", "seg_content": "Drug-fuelled parties , cult-like summer camps and a company boss using his sister to gain access to the funds of one of the world 's wealthiest men sounds more like the script of a Hollywood blockbuster than a humdrum tale of everyday business . This is the alleged real-life story of shared-office group WeWork and its extrovert founder , Adam Neumann , according to the US journalist Reeves Wiedeman . His new book , Billion Dollar Loser , tells how a small New York real estate firm grew -- through a blend of founder bombast , celebrity connections and ceaseless hustle -- into one of a handful of Silicon Valley minotaurs that raised a billion dollars in venture capital . It is also the story of how the walls came crashing in.Last month , WeWork announced a second wave of lay-offs in the UK , a far cry from when Mr Neumann was once hailed a potential saviour of start-up culture . The company had shared-office buildings in almost 900 locations worldwide . Global empire At one point it had 5,000 employees in 280 cities . Following the ousting of Mr Neumann almost a year ago , it is now controlled by his largest backers -- the Japanese technology investment company SoftBank . Mr Wiedeman , of New York magazine , catalogues the explosive inside story of the rise and fall of WeWork , alleging how the excesses of its founder shaped a corporate culture unlike any other . The book details the rise of the group from its foundations a decade ago , to Mr Neumann 's departure late last year . Due for publication in October it is described as a `` deep dive '' into WeWork and Mr Neumann , and will detail marijuana - and tequila-filled board rooms , and consciousness-raising with the Red Hot Chili Peppers ' Anthony Kiedis . Unconventional finance methods Reeves Wiedeman 's Billion Dollar Loser details scores of extraordinary claims about how Adam Neumann grew his WeWork empire into one of the world 's most talked about companies and , in his attempts to fulfil his ambitious growth plans , how he turned to unconventional methods to raise finance . After interviewing 200 people , the author alleges during the early stages of WeWork 's growth , when Mr Neumann was seeking $ 20m -LRB- # 15.3 m -RRB- of capital , he convinced his sister , Adi , to delay ending her relationship with banking heir Nathan Rothschild until his hedge fund provided $ 800,000 of funding . The book also reveals the story of how Mr Neumann gained investment in WeWork from celebrities , thanks to his wife , Rebekah , who is a cousin of the Hollywood actress Gwyneth Paltrow . The tell-all book also claims WeWork attempted its first stock market listing in 2015 -- four years before it 's multibillion-dollar attempt last year . The author claims to have uncovered a `` debauched and out-of-control corporate environment at WeWork '' according to his publishers , where Mr Neumann was the hardest partier of all , stuffing cereal boxes full of marijuana as he flew on private jets , and alleges `` molly , coke and Xanax '' -LRB- MDMA , cocaine and a prescription drug for anxiety -RRB- were `` on tap at company parties '' . Neumann 's ` elebaorate riders ' The book will also detail what it calls `` elaborate riders '' that would accompany any travel that Mr Neumann undertook for the company , including a detailed beverage list , the cost of which could have covered the salary of a junior member of WeWork staff . The book also describes a `` father-son relationship '' between Mr Neumann and his largest investor , SoftBank 's Masayoshi Son , and includes a detailed account of the meeting in which he committed to SoftBank 's first critical investment of $ 4bn in WeWork . The relationship between the pair `` went south after Adam 's repeated requests for further investment '' , which led to the company 's final attempt at a listing in New York . Publishers Hodder & Stoughton described it as `` a cautionary tale for other companies '' .", "url": "https://inews.co.uk/culture/books/wework-adam-neumann-sex-drugs-claims-revealed-book-580910", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3018197952216748, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfSd9m5", "stitle": "Rebel Wilson showcases 3 stone weight loss in sizzling underwater bikini snaps", "seg_title_stem": "rebel Wilson showcase 3 stone weight loss in sizzle underwater bikini snap", "seg_content": "Rebel Wilson has again showcased her impressive weight loss amid her exercise and health drive that 's seen her shed an estimated three stone . The comic actress , 40 , took the plunge for a series of underwater snaps shared to her Instagram . `` Do n't ever doubt my mermaid abilities , '' the star joked , who 's renowned for her deadpan brand of dry humour . She pledged 2020 would be her `` year of health '' , and after jetting back to her native Australia just ahead of the country 's lockdown restrictions , got on the health train . Rebel made waves as she shared a video of herself flipping a tyre , joking that she was `` coming for '' famously jacked Aussie acting brothers Chris and Liam Hemsworth . Since lockdown , she 's dedicated herself to a gruelling workout regimen and strict diet that have seen the pounds fall off . She 's also dished out some workout wisdom , like trying to switch up sessions as much as possible - which for Rebel has meant running up and down the stairs of the Sydney Opera House . Fitness trainer Jono Castano has been at the centre of Rebel 's transformation . He 's dished on little tips and tricks that have made a world of difference to Rebel 's workouts and nutrition . Chatting with Yahoo! Lifestyle , the health guru focused on nutrition , and a five-day workout week . Jono also advised a balanced `` supplementation and multivitamins '' regime , as well as `` recovering well -LSB- from workouts -RSB- . '' He went on to explain that `` this includes stretching , sleeping well , making sure you 're not stressed etc. '' `` I think with any type of transformation , '' Jono continued , `` you should n't always look at the easiest option , you know , two months is not enough time to be able to change your body . `` My advice is to keep your goals realistic , short and then achieve them , and progress from there . '' Of her workouts , Jono dished on Rebel 's high-intensity workouts `` and then trying to burn as many calories as we can with movements that are n't going to hurt you . '' Meanwhile , Rebel explained her own decision to get into shape . Chatting to an Australian radio station , she told : `` Obviously a lot of the TV shows and movies got shut down , so what I was going to do has been delayed so I 'm just getting ripped . `` I 'm exercising every day . You 've got to get on the bandwagon on being ripped . `` I was actually doing all this outdoor stuff like running up and down the Sydney Opera House stairs . ''", "url": "https://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/rebel-wilson-showcases-3-stone-22531830", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.000009298324585, "Lifestyle": 0.7874139547348022}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.000009298324585, "Lifestyle_Fitness": 0.7874139547348022}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7434314718826038, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfSw966", "stitle": "DJ Kim Lee Sizzles Wearing Black Vinyl In August Issue Of Harper 's Bazaar Vietnam", "seg_title_stem": "DJ Kim Lee Sizzles wear black vinyl in August Issue of Harper 's Bazaar Vietnam", "seg_content": "Sultry DJ/model Kim Lee , affectionately known as the `` Asian Kim Kardashian , '' took to Instagram on Sunday morning with an update that thrilled her 512,000 followers . She shared a stunning image from the most recent issue of Harper 's Bazaar Vietnam , in which she graced some of the pages . The post garnered over 2,500 likes in the first few hours after it was uploaded . Kim posed in a monochromatic industrial setting looking glamorous in a sexy vinyl catsuit that left viewers wanting more . She was reclined inside a open circular section hewed out of enormous slabs of gray concrete . The cylindrical space was much larger than she and backed with distinct squares of cement formed together . There were round areas in every corner that appeared to have anchored the pieces during their construction . The rough texture on the outside surface was mottled in different shades of charcoal and the remnants of paint and oil drips were visible trailing down the wall below were she sat . Kim 's outfit was a racy , yet elegant one-piece that clung tightly to her spectacular physique . The black vinyl material clung to all her curves and reflected the studio light behind her , creating a visual juxtaposition between the slick finish of the fabric and the matte surface of the environment . The garment appeared to display all of her bare back , with just a small interruption of crossed spaghetti straps across her shoulder blades . The lower section dipped down past her narrow waist , tantalizingly close to the cleavage of her ample derriere . The snug fit of the legs showed off her shapely thighs and calves . Kim finished off the ensemble with a pair of black patent slingback stilettos featuring pointed toes . She had a delicate gold-colored bracelet around her one wrist . View this post on Instagram Harper 's Bazaar Vietnam @bazaarvietnam Location : Los Angeles , CA Visuals : @_christianarias_ Hair | Makeup @makeupbyjulian Wardrobe @fwrd @normakamali @ysl A post shared by ᴋɪᴍ ʟᴇᴇ -LRB- @kimlee -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 8:49 am PDT Kim leaned back fluidly into the curve of the space with her left leg dangling beneath her . Her knee was bent and she rested the point of her heel against the flat concrete wall below . The striking angle of her right leg mirrored that of her left . She balanced her weight on her right foot , which was extended in front of her body within the circle . She rested one hand demurely between her thighs and placed the other behind her head to tousle her long , dark tresses . Her hair was messily parted off-center and thrown over to one side , seductively covering part of her gorgeous face . She dropped her chin , gazed at the camera through long lashes , and pouted her red lips .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6228415/kim-lee-harpers-bazaar-vietnam/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7807377853937768, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfT4PHF", "stitle": "Jennifer Lopez , 51 , Stuns In A Sexy Red & White Dress Plus More Of Her Hottest Quarantine Looks", "seg_title_stem": "Jennifer Lopez , 51 , stun in a sexy Red & White Dress Plus more of she hottest quarantine look", "seg_content": "Jennifer Lopez shared a gorgeous Instagram photo of herself smiling in a stylish outfit while enjoying some ` Sunday tea time ' . Jennifer Lopez , 51 , had that Sunday glow when she posed for a stunning photo on Aug. 16 . The singer took to Instagram to share the snapshot and in it , she 's showing off the prettiest smile while holding up a cup of tea and wearing a red and white patterned dress with a plunging neckline . Her hair is tied back and she 's wearing natural looking makeup that brought out her gorgeous features . View this post on Instagram Sunday tea time ☕ ✨ ❤ A post shared by Jennifer Lopez -LRB- @jlo -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 9:40 am PDT `` Sunday tea time ☕ ✨ ❤ , '' Jennifer wrote in the caption . Fans quickly shared comments in response to the photo and many of them were full of compliments . `` How can you be so beautiful ? You are perfect and I am proud to be your fan , '' one fan wrote while another called her a `` cutie . '' Jennifer 's latest pic is n't the first stunning one she 's shared since being in quarantine due to the COVID-19 pandemic . The brunette beauty has had many looks while taking things one day at a time and they 're all equally incredible . From hanging out outside to posing in workout clothes , she knows how to wear an outfit ! View this post on Instagram ✨ Friday feels ✨ A post shared by Jennifer Lopez -LRB- @jlo -RRB- on Aug 14 , 2020 at 11:53 am PDT On Aug. 14 , the `` If You Had My Love '' crooner shared a snapshot of herself laying in the sun while wearing what appeared to be a brown bathing suit , which you can see above . She accessorized with hoop earrings and held one hand over her eyes to give herself some shade . `` Friday feels , '' she captioned the post . Before that , on June 26 , she took a selfie in a mirror , which can be seen below , while wearing a stylish pink crop top and leggings that had a design of a blue cloudy sky and air balloons on it . She had her long straight locks tied up into a ponytail and again wore hoop earrings as she held up her phone to take the pic . `` Back at it and ready for the weekend , '' she wrote with a sun emoji alongside it . View this post on Instagram Back at it and ready for the weekend . ☀ @NiyamaSol A post shared by Jennifer Lopez -LRB- @jlo -RRB- on Jun 26 , 2020 at 7:10 pm PDT Let 's face it , Jennifer is the queen of looking fabulous during quarantine and we ca n't stop being inspired by her looks . We ca n't wait to see what else she has in store during the last few weeks of summer !", "url": "https://hollywoodlife.com/2020/08/16/jennifer-lopez-red-white-dress-tea-pic-photo/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9976364970207214}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9976364970207214, "ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9939702749252319}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.9939702749252319}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.061621632026828334, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfTLlBF", "stitle": "WVU researcher to study fentanyl test strips as an opioid overdose prevention strategy", "seg_title_stem": "WVU researcher to study fentanyl test strip as a opioid overdose prevention strategy", "seg_content": "A West Virginia University researcher will co-lead a study to learn more about the off-label use of rapid response fentanyl test strips as an opioid overdose prevention strategy . `` With the knowledge from this study , we will be able to provide better guidance to drug users and the agencies and organizations who serve them in order to save lives , '' said Dr. Judith Feinberg , a Behavioral Medicine & Psychiatry professor with the School of Medicine . The study is being funded by a $ 657,648 grant from the National Institute on Drug Abuse , part of the National Institutes of Health . Fentanyl , a synthetic opioid that is 80-100 times stronger than morphine , has become an additive to heroin and other street drugs as a way to increase its potency . Many users who purchase heroin and other drugs do not know when it is laced with fentanyl , which often results in overdose deaths . Fentanyl test strips are being used to detect if drugs have any trace of fentanyl . Knowing that a drug contains fentanyl can help prevent overdoses by allowing users to modify their behavior , such as not using the drug , doing a test dose first , using the drug with others who have naloxone or who can call 911 in case of an overdose , or changing their purchasing behaviors . On the other hand , some people may prefer fentanyl and may use the test strips to verify their purchases . Although fentanyl test strips have become increasingly popular among drug users , there is little known about how and why people use them . The NIH-funded study will use surveys and one-on-one interviews to try and understand how the availability of fentanyl test strips affects drug use . The study will also help researchers better understand the risks that people who inject drugs are or are not willing to take . Funding for the study by the NIH began July 1 and will conclude June 30 , 2021 .", "url": "https://www.mybuckhannon.com/wvu-researcher-to-study-fentanyl-test-strips-as-an-opioid-overdose-prevention-strategy/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017225269773542842, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfTNXhX", "stitle": "Photos of Students ' Return to Strip Sparks Outrage", "seg_title_stem": "photo of student ' return to Strip spark outrage", "seg_content": "A new semester begins this week at the University of Alabama , and the addition of 30,000 students to the Tuscaloosa population could increase the community 's risk of contacting the novel Coronavirus . The State of Alabama is still under Governor Kay Ivey 's `` Safer at Home '' order which mandates face masks and encourages all Alabamians to practice social distancing ; however , viewing the hordes of students attending popular bars on Tuscaloosa 's storied Strip would lead one to believe no such order exists . University of Alabama Athletic Director Greg Byrne shared a photo of what appears to be dozens waiting in line for entry into Gallette 's Sunday afternoon -- many without masks and standing much closer than six feet apart . Byrne 's tweet is a stark reminder that many in the community continue to be careless in their approach to the COVID-19 pandemic and that blithe oversight could result in the loss of college football this year should case counts climb . Even Kristin Saban Setas , daughter of Alabama Football Head Coach Nick Saban , expressed her concern over the congregation of college students . `` Can we just ... send them all . . home ? '' she asked . Classes begin Monday at the University of Alabama , and University officials plan to distribute 60,000 face masks in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 .", "url": "https://tide1009.com/photos-of-students-return-to-strip-sparks-outrage/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 1.0000091791152954}, "second_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education": 1.0000091791152954}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_Other": 1.0000091791152954}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017225269773542842, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfTWpVG", "stitle": "Photos of Students ' Return to Strip Sparks Outrage", "seg_title_stem": "photo of student ' return to Strip spark outrage", "seg_content": "A new semester begins this week at the University of Alabama , and the addition of 30,000 students to the Tuscaloosa population could increase the community 's risk of contacting the novel Coronavirus . The State of Alabama is still under Governor Kay Ivey 's `` Safer at Home '' order which mandates face masks and encourages all Alabamians to practice social distancing ; however , viewing the hordes of students attending popular bars on Tuscaloosa 's storied Strip would lead one to believe no such order exists . University of Alabama Athletic Director Greg Byrne shared a photo of what appears to be dozens waiting in line for entry into Gallette 's Sunday afternoon -- many without masks and standing much closer than six feet apart . Byrne 's tweet is a stark reminder that many in the community continue to be careless in their approach to the COVID-19 pandemic and that blithe oversight could result in the loss of college football this year should case counts climb . Even Kristin Saban Setas , daughter of Alabama Football Head Coach Nick Saban , expressed her concern over the congregation of college students . `` Can we just ... send them all . . home ? '' she asked . Classes begin Monday at the University of Alabama , and University officials plan to distribute 60,000 face masks in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 .", "url": "https://wtug.com/photos-of-students-return-to-strip-sparks-outrage/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 1.0000091791152954}, "second_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education": 1.0000091791152954}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_Other": 1.0000091791152954}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017225269773542842, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfTYPFQ", "stitle": "Photos of Students ' Return to Strip Sparks Outrage", "seg_title_stem": "photo of student ' return to Strip spark outrage", "seg_content": "A new semester begins this week at the University of Alabama , and the addition of 30,000 students to the Tuscaloosa population could increase the community 's risk of contacting the novel Coronavirus . The State of Alabama is still under Governor Kay Ivey 's `` Safer at Home '' order which mandates face masks and encourages all Alabamians to practice social distancing ; however , viewing the hordes of students attending popular bars on Tuscaloosa 's storied Strip would lead one to believe no such order exists . University of Alabama Athletic Director Greg Byrne shared a photo of what appears to be dozens waiting in line for entry into Gallette 's Sunday afternoon -- many without masks and standing much closer than six feet apart . Byrne 's tweet is a stark reminder that many in the community continue to be careless in their approach to the COVID-19 pandemic and that blithe oversight could result in the loss of college football this year should case counts climb . Even Kristin Saban Setas , daughter of Alabama Football Head Coach Nick Saban , expressed her concern over the congregation of college students . `` Can we just ... send them all . . home ? '' she asked . Classes begin Monday at the University of Alabama , and University officials plan to distribute 60,000 face masks in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 .", "url": "https://953thebear.com/photos-of-students-return-to-strip-sparks-outrage/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 1.0000091791152954}, "second_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education": 1.0000091791152954}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_Other": 1.0000091791152954}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4382808088024382, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'fuck': 1, 'nigga': 1, 'bitch': 1}, 'nostrict': {'ass': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'fuck': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfTgTzS", "stitle": "Slim 400 Shows Off ` Fuck 69 ' Tattoo After 6ix9ine 's Denial Of Nipsey Hussle Disrespect", "seg_title_stem": "slim 400 show off ` Fuck 69 ' Tattoo after 6ix9ine 's Denial of Nipsey Hussle Disrespect", "seg_content": "Las Vegas , NV -- Slim 400 is taking his disdain of Tekashi 6ix9ine to a new level . In a video shared to social media on Saturday -LRB- August 15 -RRB- , the YG affiliate once more reminded people how deep his feud with 6ix9ine runs as he showed off his `` Fuck 6ix9ine '' back tattoo , clowning the New York rapper 's recent visit to Los Angeles . `` I 'm out here in Vegas 'cause bitches do n't want to be in Los Angeles , '' Slim says to the cameraman before pointing his anger towards 6ix9ine over visting a mural for the late Nipsey Hussle . `` Talkin ' bout ` Do you love it ? ' We do n't love you , nigga , '' Slim said . `` And we see you over there on that ave , nigga . Bout to beat yo ass . You lucky you is over there early in the morning like you always muthafuckin ' do . You hopped down to Chicago , early . You hopped into L.A. , early . Bitch , you a hoe . And you the biggest clout chaser of em ' all . '' View this post on Instagram #slim400 has taken his dislike for #tekashi69 to record heights ... he tatted `` F*ck 69 '' on his back . Is 2020 the year slim400 puts the west coast on his back n goes crazy musically ?? A post shared by DJ Akademiks -LRB- @akademiks -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 1:46 pm PDT Slim and 6ix9ine 's issues date back to 2018 when the rainbow-haired rapper dissed Los Angeles gang culture and began beefing with the likes of The Game and YG . In November 2018 , Slim 400 confronted 6ix9ine in Long Beach , resulting in a shouting match between the two but no escalation of violence . Nip himself was n't fond of 6ix9ine , as revealed on the posthumous feature for Rick Ross ' Port Of Miami 2 track , `` Rich Nigga Lifestyle . '' `` I ca n't name a fake nigga that was not exposed . How y’ all niggas so surprised that Tekashi told ? Ai n't a real street nigga ` less you got a code , '' the late Hussle rapped on the single . 6ix9ine 's latest trip to Los Angeles has once more reminded people that he is persona non grata on the West Coast . Singer DaniLeigh demanded he leave Los Angeles and others such as The Game and TDE rapper Reason warned 6ix9ine about his antics and to leave Nip out of it . When spotted by TMZ on Friday -LRB- August 14 -RRB- , 6ix9ine gave praise to Nip before later throwing out money to a crowd of fans . `` I love Nipsey , '' the `` TROLLZ '' rapper said . `` You saw I paid respect -- got on one knee . I love Nipsey , you heard ? Just like you love Biggie . That 's it . That 's all . ''", "url": "https://hiphopdx.com/news/id.57360/title.slim-400-shows-off-fuck-69-tattoo-after-6ix9ines-denial-of-nipsey-hussle-disrespect", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_HipHop": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.023450481704007407, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfTloy8", "stitle": "Burton firefighter among those arrested for child sex crimes as GHOST operation continues", "seg_title_stem": "Burton firefighter among those arrest for child sex crime as ghost operation continue", "seg_content": "`` It 's a sickness , '' said Genesee County Sheriff Chris Swanson . Swanson told TV5 new information in their hunt for suspected child traffickers . Seventeen people have been arrested since sting operations started in March . `` National stats confirm that a pedophile or predator taken off the street can save the life of 25 future victims , '' said Swanson . Those arrested all reside over Mid-Michigan . Swanson says offenders have been found in Flint , Burton , Grand Blanc , Holly and Goodrich among other places . `` It 's pedophilia , '' said Swanson . `` It 's a sexual deviancy that leads to vulnerable people getting sexually abused . '' Also included in that list is a current firefighter for the City of Burton and a former police officer . `` He 'd been a police officer in Genesee County in multiple agencies and was not a police officer at the time of the arrest , but was on the fire department , '' said Swanson . Swanson says the suspects face multiple charges including using a computer to commit a crime , accosting a child for immoral purposes and possession of child sexual abusive material . These are two 20-year felonies and a four-year felony . `` I 've got detectives downtown right now working on this case , '' said Swanson . `` This week , coming up , we 'll continue to find those who have not been found yet . '' Swanson says the GHOST Task Force still has plenty of work left to do . `` I do n't want to take police reports of people that have already been assaulted , '' said Swanson . `` I want to find the people before they hurt the victims . ''", "url": "https://www.wnem.com/news/burton-firefighter-among-those-arrested-for-child-sex-crimes-as-ghost-operation-continues/article_fdba21c0-e00c-11ea-b309-5ffcf6af1d82.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16579555949545857, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfTxwMC", "stitle": "Grace Sheble Goes Lifetime Best 2:13.57 200 Breast at NOVA Intrasquad", "seg_title_stem": "Grace Sheble go Lifetime best 2:13.57 200 breast at NOVA Intrasquad", "seg_content": "NOVA SEND OFF INTRASQUAD MEET August 14-16 , 2020 Richmond , VA Short course yards -LRB- SCY -RRB- Meet Mobile results : ` NOVA SEND OFF INTRA SQUAD MEET ' NOVA of Virginia hosted another intrasquad this weekend , and NC State ’25 commit Grace Sheble won all four events with a best time among them . Sheble 's lifetime best came in the 200 breast , where she lopped 1.75 seconds off of her old best to hit a 2:13.57 . She was within a second of her lifetime best in the 200 fly with a 1:57.95 , while she was less than a tenth off of her 55.19 lifetime best in the 100 fly with a 55.25 . Sheble was also 1:49.84 to take the 200 free . Josephine Fuller , a Tennessee ’25 commit , won three races and took second in a fourth event . She swept the backstrokes , going 54.39 in the 100 and 1:57.82 in the 200 , and also won the 50 free -LRB- 24.45 -RRB- . In the 100 fly , she was 55.88 behind Sheble . Rising high school junior Zoe Dixon took the 400 IM with a 4:15.84 , while she was second in the 200 back -LRB- 1:58.95 -RRB- and third in the 200 fly -LRB- 2:00.78 -RRB- and 200 free -LRB- 1:51.19 -RRB- . In the 500 free , she posted a 4:59.27 , a lifetime best by 3.2 seconds and her first swim under five minutes in the event . Aidan Duffy had a very strong weekend on the boys ' side , winning all five of his events with one best time among them . His personal best came in the 500 free , where he dropped 1.37 seconds to go 4:38.64 . Meanwhile , he won both breaststrokes -LRB- 58.06 / 2:02.49 -RRB- , the 200 free -LRB- 1:40.97 -RRB- and the 400 IM -LRB- 3:56.98 -RRB- . OTHER NOTABLE SWIMS Grace Sheble ` s twin sister -LRB- also an NC State ’25 commit -RRB- Caroline Sheble won the 200 IM -LRB- 2:05.47 -RRB- and took second behind Grace in the 200 fly -LRB- 1:59.08 -RRB- . Liam Ryan took two wins on the men 's side , going 1:51.33 in the 200 back and 1:55.71 in the 200 IM . Claire Dafoe and Sanna Peterson , both 16 , put on an exciting race in the 500 free , with Peterson edging out Dafoe at the touch , 4:50.81 to 4:50.85 . It was a 1.57-second drop for Dafoe , who won the 1650 free with a 16:44.51 . Peterson won the 100 free -LRB- 52.81 -RRB- , dropping 1.72 seconds , while she was the 1650 runner-up -LRB- 17:04.70 -RRB- and the 200 free runner-up -LRB- 1:49.95 -RRB- hitting personal bests in both .", "url": "https://swimswam.com/grace-sheble-goes-lifetime-best-213-57-200-breast-at-nova-intrasquad/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017225269773542842, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfTyS2J", "stitle": "Photos of Students ' Return to Strip Sparks Outrage", "seg_title_stem": "photo of student ' return to Strip spark outrage", "seg_content": "A new semester begins this week at the University of Alabama , and the addition of 30,000 students to the Tuscaloosa population could increase the community 's risk of contacting the novel Coronavirus . The State of Alabama is still under Governor Kay Ivey 's `` Safer at Home '' order which mandates face masks and encourages all Alabamians to practice social distancing ; however , viewing the hordes of students attending popular bars on Tuscaloosa 's storied Strip would lead one to believe no such order exists . University of Alabama Athletic Director Greg Byrne shared a photo of what appears to be dozens waiting in line for entry into Gallette 's Sunday afternoon -- many without masks and standing much closer than six feet apart . Byrne 's tweet is a stark reminder that many in the community continue to be careless in their approach to the COVID-19 pandemic and that blithe oversight could result in the loss of college football this year should case counts climb . Even Kristin Saban Setas , daughter of Alabama Football Head Coach Nick Saban , expressed her concern over the congregation of college students . `` Can we just ... send them all . . home ? '' she asked . Classes begin Monday at the University of Alabama , and University officials plan to distribute 60,000 face masks in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 .", "url": "https://1051theblock.com/photos-of-students-return-to-strip-sparks-outrage/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 1.0000091791152954}, "second_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education": 1.0000091791152954}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_Other": 1.0000091791152954}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6196951982951807, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfU1j5X", "stitle": "Plant-Based Babes ! Lizzo , Miley Cyrus , Kelly Osbourne and More Celebrities Who Are Vegan", "seg_title_stem": "plant-based babe ! Lizzo , Miley Cyrus , Kelly Osbourne and more celebrity who be vegan", "seg_content": "Plant-based power ! Fans are always looking to Hollywood celebrities for diet and lifestyle tips , and it seems like some of the biggest stars swear by their vegan diets . Whether it 's for weight loss or ethical reasons , most A-listers credit their healthy lifestyles to their plant-based eating habits . Lizzo is one of the most recent celebs to become a `` new vegan . '' The `` Truth Hurts '' singer made the big reveal in a TikTok video she shared in June 2020 , titled `` What I Eat in a Day : Tales From a Fat Vegan . '' `` Disclaimer : this is not every day , but this is a pretty average one , '' Lizzo said in the beginning of the clip . Her first meal consisted of a breakfast smoothie made with coconut water , kale or spinach and frozen fruit . For lunch , Lizzo made her `` favorite '' salad -- chopped kale , red cabbage , broccoli , half an avocado , white onions and carrots . Lizzo 's midday snack is fresh hummus from a local farmer 's market and vegan cheese puffs . `` I used to eat a bunch of hot Cheetos but that was not good for my acid reflux , so these are a Cheeto alternative that I love that 's vegan . I dip that in the hummus , bada-boom , bada-snack , '' she told fans in the video . Dinner consisted of `` meatballs '' made of mushrooms that she prepared with truffles and chickpeas , quinoa and a smaller serving of the salad she made for lunch . After dinner , she treated herself to a vegan diet soda . Lastly , her pre-bedtime snack was a peanut butter and jelly smoothie : peanut butter , frozen strawberries , oats , oat milk , and vegan vanilla protein powder . `` I feel very lit and full , '' Lizzo said . While Lizzo 's veganism seems to be for health reasons , other celebrities have adopted the diet as a way to aid in weight loss . Kelly Osbourne credits her plant-based lifestyle with helping her lose an impressive 85 pounds . In August , she showed off the results of her diet change , which included her purchasing a new outfit in a size 26 . `` After years of fad eating plans and yo-yo dieting , Kelly has finally realized what works for her , '' an insider exclusively revealed to Life & Style at the time . `` She 's embraced her vegan diet and she incorporates weights into her exercise routine , which includes a lot of walking . '' Keep scrolling below to find out which other celebrities are vegan .", "url": "https://www.lifeandstylemag.com/posts/celebrities-who-are-vegan-lizzo-miley-cyrus-and-more/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.8511341214179993, "Lifestyle": 1.0000097751617432}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 1.0000097751617432, "Health_Other": 0.8511341214179993, "Lifestyle_Fitness": 1.0000003576278687}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07877215459856254, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfU7Y7A", "stitle": "` Chicago P.D. ' : A Former Cast Member Got a Rare Deal From Dick Wolf", "seg_title_stem": "` Chicago P.D. ' : a former cast Member get a Rare Deal from Dick Wolf", "seg_content": "Some fan-favorite shows , like Law & Order : Criminal Intent and Law & Order : Special Victims Unit , have extremely long runs . The latter , which is currently in the 21st season , is touted as the longest-running primetime program in television history . Thanks to Dick Wolf , the show has had some of the same talented actors for decades . The mega-producer typically offers his main character actors a 7-year deal to work on one of his top shows to ensure continuity . A well-respected Chicago P.D. regular managed to negotiate an exclusive contract that left other actors wondering how he pulled it off . Brian Geraghty took on the role of Officer Sean Roman View this post on Instagram She still got my back #marinasqu #bestpartnereva #burgess # roman #ChicagoPd A post shared by Brian Geraghty -LRB- @briangeraghty13 -RRB- on Oct 11 , 2017 at 11:44 am PDT Brian Geraghty portrayed patrol officer Sean Roman on NBC 's Chicago P.D. from 2014 to 2016 . Before joining the men and women of the 21st District , the level-headed actor starred in major motion pictures such as Jarhead and The Hurt Locker . He also had a recurring role as a prohibition agent on the HBO series Boardwalk Empire . Geraghty joined the cast of Chicago P.D. in the second season , where he was introduced as a new beat cop . He was partnered with Burgess -LRB- Marina Squerciati -RRB- because Atwater , her former partner , was promoted to the elite Intelligence Unit . The two developed a personal relationship that came to an abrupt end in Season 3 of the dramatic television series . Geraghty negotiated an unheard of year-to-year contract Brian Geraghty is joining the #ChicagoPD squad . @THR has the details on Burgess ' new partner . http://t.co/FIyKxtWKsA -- Chicago P.D. -LRB- @NBCChicagoPD -RRB- August 6 , 2014 The highly sought after actor was never supposed to be a regular part of the series . Wolf , the executive producer , wanted the experienced Geraghty to take on the challenging role of Officer Roman . In 2016 , then-showrunner Matt Olmstead told TV Line , `` Brian had a lot of choices , and we courted him and pitched him what the show could be , and we were crossing our fingers that we 'd get him , '' according to Yahoo . He continued by saying , `` He is the most level-headed , decent human being you 're going to encounter , and he 's upfront . He was like , ` I do n't know if I can commit to a seven-year contract . This sounds great , but I 've got to take it year by year , ' which Dick does n't do very often . But the deal was made . '' Geraghty secured a yearly contract , which is extremely rare in Dick Wolf 's world . During Season 3 , Chicago 's favorite officer informed producers that he was ready to move on . At the time , Geraghty told TV Line , `` I like to move around a lot . I 'm an actor . I like to play all different parts . '' His character was dramatically written out of the storyline , leaving viewers stunned to see him get shot . The career-ending injury forced him to reevaluate his life , and the beloved Officer Roman decided to move to San Diego to get a fresh start . His love interest , Burgess , did n't go with him . Fans were devastated to have to say goodbye to their favorite beat cop . Olmstead said there was no hard feelings , according to Country Living , telling TV Line , `` He gave us what we needed -- two years of doing a really good job on a character that elevated the show . We shook hands at the beginning , we shook hands at the end , and he 's off to do great things . '' Another ` Chicago P.D. ' cast member was n't so fortunate Sophia Bush , who played Detective Erin Lindsay on Chicago P.D. for four seasons , was not so lucky . She committed to a seven-season deal and soon began to feel the brunt of being stuck in such a long term contract . She desperately wanted to leave , citing tough working conditions , extreme weather , and a `` consistent onslaught barrage of abusive behavior , '' according to Deadline . Producers would n't let her out of her deal , despite her threatening to sue the network . Finally , in 2017 , she was released three years early , and her character was written off the show .", "url": "https://www.cheatsheet.com/entertainment/chicago-p-d-a-former-cast-member-got-a-rare-deal-from-dick-wolf.html/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000083446502686}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 1.0000083446502686}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 0.9988378882408142}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.14688170785612947, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'lesbian': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfUYhBd", "stitle": "The Hallmark Channel airs its first movie with a same-sex wedding scene", "seg_title_stem": "the Hallmark Channel air its first movie with a same-sex wedding scene", "seg_content": "On Saturday , the Hallmark Channel aired its first movie to feature a same-sex wedding . The Hallmark original movie , `` Wedding Every Weekend , '' follows two characters who fall in love after they find themselves at the same wedding ceremonies . In the movie , the protagonists attend a variety of celebrations -- including the marriage of a lesbian couple , a biracial wedding , and a Jewish ceremony . In July , the channel released a statement promising more inclusive , diverse content after it previously faced backlash for refusing to air commercials that featured same-sex couples . Visit Insider 's homepage for more stories . The Hallmark Channel premiered its first movie featuring an LGBTQ wedding . `` Wedding Every Weekend , '' which aired Saturday , follows two wedding guests who fall in love after finding themselves at the same marriage ceremonies . It 's the channel 's first time airing a same-sex wedding storyline , according to People and Entertainment Weekly . In the movie , the main characters attend a variety of wedding ceremonies , including one between a same-sex couple -- two women , played by Carmel Amit and Makayla Moore -- as well as a Jewish wedding and a biracial wedding . -- Hallmark Channel -LRB- @hallmarkchannel -RRB- August 16 , 2020 The channel also shut down a critic who said that Hallmark was once a place where `` families could watch without politics and social justice being pushed down our throat . '' `` We are proud of our movie , ` Wedding Every Weekend . ' Our priority at Hallmark Channel is to develop a broad mix of content , characters and stories in order to create a Hallmark experience where everyone feels welcome , '' the channel tweeted . -- Hallmark Channel -LRB- @hallmarkchannel -RRB- August 10 , 2020 The Hallmark Channel promised fans more LBGTQ storylines after facing backlash for refusing to air same-sex wedding ads In July , the Hallmark Channel released a statement hinting at future content that appeals to a more diverse audience . `` Diversity and inclusion is a top priority for us and we look forward to making some exciting programming announcements in the coming months , including announcements about projects featuring LGBTQ storylines , characters , and actors , '' a Hallmark Channel spokesperson told People . The channel 's announcement comes after it refused to air a series of advertisements in December for the wedding-planning website Zola , which featured same-sex couples celebrating their nuptials at the altar . A spokesperson for Hallmark previously told the Associated Press that the channel pulled the ads from Zola after controversy sparked by conservative organization One Million Moms , which created a petition against Hallmark airing the ads . Following a public outcry over the channel 's decision to stop showing the ads that showed same-sex couples , Hallmark ultimately reversed its decision and announced that it would reinstate the commercials . Representatives for the Hallmark Channel did not immediately respond to Insider 's request for comment .", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/entertainment/news/the-hallmark-channel-airs-its-first-movie-with-a-same-sex-wedding-scene/ar-BB181Lcf", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223, "Lifestyle": 0.9994646906852722, "Society": 0.9999605417251587}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "Lifestyle_Other": 0.9994646906852722, "Society_Other": 0.9999605417251587}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017225269773542842, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfVVBfj", "stitle": "Photos of Students ' Return to Strip Sparks Outrage", "seg_title_stem": "photo of student ' return to Strip spark outrage", "seg_content": "A new semester begins this week at the University of Alabama , and the addition of 30,000 students to the Tuscaloosa population could increase the community 's risk of contacting the novel Coronavirus . The State of Alabama is still under Governor Kay Ivey 's `` Safer at Home '' order which mandates face masks and encourages all Alabamians to practice social distancing ; however , viewing the hordes of students attending popular bars on Tuscaloosa 's storied Strip would lead one to believe no such order exists . University of Alabama Athletic Director Greg Byrne shared a photo of what appears to be dozens waiting in line for entry into Gallette 's Sunday afternoon -- many without masks and standing much closer than six feet apart . Byrne 's tweet is a stark reminder that many in the community continue to be careless in their approach to the COVID-19 pandemic and that blithe oversight could result in the loss of college football this year should case counts climb . Even Kristin Saban Setas , daughter of Alabama Football Head Coach Nick Saban , expressed her concern over the congregation of college students . `` Can we just ... send them all . . home ? '' she asked . Classes begin Monday at the University of Alabama , and University officials plan to distribute 60,000 face masks in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 .", "url": "https://alt1017.com/photos-of-students-return-to-strip-sparks-outrage/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 1.0000091791152954}, "second_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education": 1.0000091791152954}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_Other": 1.0000091791152954}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.045022830571928144, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfVeiLr", "stitle": "Eagles mourn the passing of former Wide Receivers Coach Dick Coury , member of 1980 NFC Championship Team", "seg_title_stem": "Eagles mourn the passing of former wide receiver coach Dick Coury , member of 1980 NFC Championship Team", "seg_content": "The Eagles are saddened to learn of the passing of former Wide Receivers Coach Dick Coury , who died on Saturday at 90 . Coury was one of the assistants on Dick Vermeil 's first staff in 1976 and remained with the Eagles for six seasons . Under his tutelage , Pro Football Hall of Fame wide receiver Harold Carmichael earned three Pro Bowl nominations and posted two 1,000-yard seasons . Coury was part of the team that defeated the Dallas Cowboys to capture the NFC Championship in 1980 to mark the franchise 's first Super Bowl appearance . In addition to coaching the wide receivers , Coury provided Vermeil with playcalling advice from the press box on gamedays . One of his favorite keepsakes from 41 years of coaching at the high school , college , and professional ranks was his ring from the 1980 NFC Championship season that he wore until his passing . `` Once you work with Dick Coury , you never forget him , '' Vermeil said by phone on Sunday . `` He had a natural compassion for kids . I do n't think I 've ever been with a coach that could coach so well with almost never raising his voice . `` He was just so even-tempered . You know I 'm even-tempered , always mad . He was even-tempered , always calm , always very respectful of every player from the first-string guy to the fourth guy he was going to have to cut . I remember him as a great friend . I have a lot of respect and admiration for him . He made a tremendous contribution to my coaching career and to everybody that he coached . '' Even though Coury did n't play in the college or professional ranks , he earned the respect of his players . `` He was a very , very mild-mannered coach . He did n't scream . He did n't holler . I do n't think I remember him even ever cursing , but he commanded respect , '' Carmichael said by phone on Sunday . `` He helped us out with doing what we had to do and just making sure that we stayed on the right path . I had so much respect for Coach Coury . '' Born on September 29 , 1929 in Athens , Ohio , Coury was a student assistant under Frank Leahy at Notre Dame before becoming an assistant coach at Mater Dei High School following graduation . After four years , Coury became the head coach at Mater Dei , where he first met Vermeil . Coury amassed an 85 -- 9 -- 5 record at Mater Dei before being named USC 's defensive coordinator in 1966 . The Trojans were No. 1 in the nation in 1967 . He was an assistant coach with the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1969 before taking the head coaching job at Cal State Fullerton in 1970 . He returned to the NFL with the Denver Broncos in 1972 as their wide receivers coach . Coury was named head coach of the World Football League 's Portland Storm in 1974 before returning to the NFL to coach linebackers for the San Diego Chargers the following year . After his six-year tenure with the Eagles , Coury wanted to be a head coach again and landed a job with the Boston Breakers of the USFL . He was the USFL 's Coach of the Year in 1983 following an 11-7 campaign . After the USFL folded , Coury returned to the NFL in 1986 with the Los Angeles Rams as their quarterbacks coach . He spent time with the Patriots , Vikings , and Oilers before he reunited with Vermeil in St. Louis in 1997 . `` He had great integrity . You would never question Dick Coury 's loyalty . You know when you brought him to work that he was going to be your coach for all of the right reasons , '' Vermeil said of working with Coury again . In 1997 , Carmichael was starting with the Eagles in his role as director of player programs . He watched a Rams ' preseason game and saw Vermeil had several former players coaching , including Wilbert Montgomery , who scored on a 42-yard touchdown run on the second play from scrimmage to set the tone in that 1980 NFC Championship triumph . Carmichael wondered why he was n't invited to be a part of the staff . He found out Coury was the wide receivers coach . `` I said , ` Coach , if it were anybody else , I 'd be mad . But Coach Coury , I 'm happy that was your choice because he was a great coach for me , ' '' Carmichael told Vermeil . Coury is survived by his wife , Bonnie ; seven children -LRB- Michael , Rick , Steve , Rob , Catherine , Linda , and Tim -RRB- ; 15 grandchildren ; and 10 great-grandchildren .", "url": "https://www.philadelphiaeagles.com/news/eagles-mourn-the-passing-of-former-wide-receivers-coach-dick-coury", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.21203364668064192, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfVwEQP", "stitle": "Philly Naked Bike Ride called off because of the coronavirus", "seg_title_stem": "Philly Naked Bike ride call off because of the coronavirus", "seg_content": "The Associated Press -LRB- Philadelphia -RRB- -- The coronavirus pandemic has slammed the brakes on this year 's Philly Naked Bike Ride . The annual event , which usually draws thousands of nude cyclists for a trip around Philadelphia and its tourist sites , had been set for later this month . But organizers who had been gearing up for it said the city 's COVID-19 cases made them halt their planning . `` After much debate , we feel that cancelling this year 's event is the most responsible thing to do , '' they said on their website . But they had a message for would-be naked riders eager to break free of their home lockdowns : They hope to be back riding in 2021 . `` We hope to see you next year , hopefully under better and healthier circumstances , '' they said . `` Keep up your -LRB- socially distant -RRB- riding and be safe . '' Ride organizer Maria Serrahima said canceling this year was `` the safest bet '' because of the highly contagious and deadly virus . Still , she said on Friday she hopes people are `` taking advantage of the emptier streets and riding -- masks up . '' The naked ride is to promote positive body image , advocate for the safety of cyclists and protest dependence on fossil fuels . Riders pedal a 10-mile -LRB- 16-kilometer -RRB- course while taking in sights including Independence Hall , the Liberty Bell and the Philadelphia Museum of Art 's steps , featured in the `` Rocky '' movies . The 12th Philly Naked Bike Ride had been scheduled for Aug. 29 . The ride used to be held in September , often in temperatures around 70 degrees Fahrenheit -LRB- 21 degrees Celsius -RRB- , but enough of the naked riders mentioned feeling chilly that , last year , it was moved up to August .", "url": "https://www.witf.org/2020/08/16/philly-naked-bike-ride-called-off-because-of-the-coronavirus/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000011920928955}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Cycling": 1.0000011920928955}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.8119294617839042, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1, 'lingerie': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfWALFP", "stitle": "Salma Hayek 's red bikini spoiled her fans this Sunday", "seg_title_stem": "Salma Hayek 's red bikini spoil she fan this Sunday", "seg_content": "The Mexican actress and most importantly natural , Salma Hayek , he decided to upload a photograph with his red bikini and in a very interesting pose , upside down and on the edge of the pool , her beauty stood out to the fullest . Subscribe to our YouTube channel and get more from Show News ! The beautiful actress stole the sighs of those who observed her because she was lying on the edge of the pool and her attributes ended up appearing in front of the camera in the foreground . The snapshot achieved more than 400 thousand likes in just 6 hours , thanks to the fact that it attracted a lot of attention and wanted to give us a good Sunday , inspiring us to continue with its great beauty , a great idea . You may also be interested in : In black lingerie , Celia Lora showed a delicacy on her kitchen bar Every Sunday Salma Hayek dedicates herself to relaxing to the fullest and transmitting it on her social networks , since she also wants her fans to spend time for themselves , being something very important , since we have to pamper ourselves from time to time to be able to remain positive about life . Her loyal followers came to tell her how beautiful she looks and of course to flatter her as they consider her to be one of the most beautiful Mexican women in all of history and especially in Hollywood . Read also : British Demi Rose in a blue swimsuit made a big impact on Instagram It should be remembered that just a few days ago Salma appeared with another bikini with which she left all Instagram excited , because she has been showing a lot and in some great images of Caridad because they are much closer to her private life . CLICK HERE TO SEE THE BOLD PHOTO Who would not want to be closer to the beautiful actri , in fact also recently she taught us how to prepare her famous sopes , since a very important part of her life is Mexican culture , and more so food , because it represents a lot for her and she wanted to share his recipe . It was also recently revealed that there was a Teresa before the one played by Angelique Boyer and it was made by Salma Hayek , in a soap opera launched in 1989 , something that caused great surprise to her fans because they did not know . In fact Angelique Boyer relied heavily on Salma to be able to play her character , one that was too successful and was known almost all over the world . Salma Hayek has not stopped winning recognitions year after year , being now 53 years old she is considered one of the most beautiful Mexican women in the world , but also one of the most intelligent and loved by the public . Another situation that has been being discussed is that since Salma Hayek arrived in Hollywood , she began to interact with important men in the medium , and that is that the Mexican actress has always known how to get what she wants , both professionally and personally , for It is not surprising that he has managed to conquer these handsome and talented gallants . Salma maintains a very good relationship with her former partners , who mutually support each other in their work and personal projects , another point that draws the attention of the actress , who is successful and respectful everywhere . Finally , it only remains to say that the actress will continue to give something to talk about , because over the years she only does better things and her roles are more and more incredible , thanks to the fact that she always seeks to improve herself .", "url": "https://sunriseread.com/salma-hayeks-red-bikini-spoiled-her-fans-this-sunday/111398/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9972482919692993}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9972482919692993}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022038757519868935, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'hooker': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfWMvj3", "stitle": "Edson Barboza gets new opponent after Jeremy Stephens fight sizzles out", "seg_title_stem": "Edson Barboza get new opponent after Jeremy Stephens fight sizzle out", "seg_content": "A featherweight firefight between two high-level strikers in Edson Barboza and Sodiq Yusuff has been booked for an upcoming UFC event . As previously reported , Barboza was expected to fight on the October 10 UFC Fight Night event set to take place on Fight Island . His opponent was supposed to be Jeremy Stephens , but according to a report from Combate , Stephens did not feel he had enough time to make the 145lbs limit safely . Instead , the UFC has found a new opponent for Barboza , and he will take on Yusuff in what should be a fantastic fight . This UFC Fight Night event on October 10 is expected to be headlined by a bantamweight bout between top contenders Marlon Moraes and Cody Sandhagen . It feels fair to assume that Barboza vs Yusuff will land somewhere on the main card . Barboza -LRB- 20-9 -RRB- is 14-9 overall in the UFC but he is coming off of three straight losses to Dan Ige , Paul Felder , and Justin Gaethje . However , many felt that he should have earned the judges ' nod against both Ige and Felder . Barboza is not currently ranked in the top-15 of the UFC featherweight division , but he would be if the judges gave him the Ige decision . Regardless , he 's an elite talent who holds notable UFC wins over the likes of Beneil Dariush , Dan Hooker , and Anthony Pettis . Yusuff -LRB- 11-1 -RRB- has been fantastic since joining the UFC following the second season of Dana White 's Contender Series . Yusuff has a perfect 4-0 record in the UFC with wins over Andre Fili , Gabriel Benitez , Sheymon Moraes , and Suman Mokhtarian . Overall , he 's riding a six-fight win streak . He is currently ranked at No. 11 in the division . While Yusuff may not be as big of a name as Stephens , he could arguably prove to be a tougher opponent for Barboza . Who do you think wins , Edson Barboza or Sodiq Yusuff ?", "url": "https://www.bjpenn.com/mma-news/ufc/edson-barboza-gets-new-opponent-after-jeremy-stephens-fight-sizzles-out/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Combat": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Combat_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009341357937956405, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfWQRjB", "stitle": "Babe Ruth Baseball : SNJ 13s tournament postponed due to weather", "seg_title_stem": "Babe Ruth Baseball : snj 13 tournament postpone due to weather", "seg_content": "HOPEWELL -- Things were going so well . After two fine days of play in the Southern New Jersey 13-Year-Old Babe Ruth Tournament at Bacon Field , rain washed out Day Three , which would have been the losers ' bracket final Sunday . Host Ewing/Hopewell , which stayed alive Saturday with an 8 -- 5 win over West Windsor-Plainsboro in an elimination game , and Atlantic Shore , which dropped a tough , 1-0 decision to Nottingham Saturday in the winners ' bracket final , will wait one more day after tournament officials tried twice to get the field ready Sunday before the persistent storm won out . So everyone gains an extra day of rest . Ewing/Hopewell and Atlantic Shore are now scheduled to meet for the second time in the four-team tournament at 7 p.m. Monday at Bacon Field . The teams also met in the opening round Friday with Atlantic Shore pulling out an 11-7 win . Meanwhile , Nottingham , which defeated WW-P , 7-3 , Friday , may turn out to be the big rainout winner . After gaining what was supposed to be a day 's rest while the other two teams decided its final round opponent , Nottingham may end up with three off days since the championship round at Bacon may not be able to be played until Wednesday because of prior commitments . Monday 's winner will need to defeat Nottingham twice in order to win the tournament . The original plan was for the final round to begin at 6 p.m. with the `` if necessary '' game to follow a half hour after completion of the first game . For now , the start time for Wednesday 's final round is to be announced . All the kids want to do is get back to playing after the two solid days of baseball which opened the 2020 Southern NJ 13YO Babe Ruth Tournament .", "url": "https://www.trentonian.com/sports/babe-ruth-baseball-snj-13s-tournament-postponed-due-to-weather/article_8b551d7c-dffa-11ea-a5ea-b73b3ed9492a.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.847891092300415}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Basketball": 0.6782557964324951}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Basketball_Other": 0.6782557964324951}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010669977747746666, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfXd9mE", "stitle": "FD : 1-year-old in critical condition after being pulled from pool near Broadway and Signal Butte", "seg_title_stem": "fd : 1-year-old in critical condition after be pull from pool near Broadway and Signal Butte", "seg_content": "MESA , AZ -- A 1-year-old boy is in critical condition following a near-drowning at a home near Broadway and Signal Butte roads Sunday evening . Firefighters say the boy was underwater for an unknown amount of time and was pulled out by family members . Mesa Fire and Medical and Superstition Medical crews responded to the call and began administering life-saving measures . Firefighters say they were able to get the child to start breathing , but he remained unresponsive . He was then transported in critical condition to a local children 's hospital . Rescue crews say they are unsure how long the boy was under water .", "url": "https://www.abc15.com/news/region-southeast-valley/mesa/fd-1-year-old-in-critical-condition-after-being-pulled-from-pool-near-broadway-and-signal-butte", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8630132595683006, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfXdpK9", "stitle": "Jennifer Lopez , 51 , Stuns In A Sexy Red & White Dress Plus More Of Her Hottest Quarantine Looks", "seg_title_stem": "Jennifer Lopez , 51 , stun in a sexy Red & White Dress Plus more of she hottest quarantine look", "seg_content": "Jennifer Lopez shared a stunning Instagram photograph of herself smiling in a trendy outfit whereas having fun with some ` Sunday tea time ' . Jennifer Lopez , 51 , had that Sunday glow when she posed for a surprising photograph on Aug. 16 . The singer took to Instagram to share the snapshot and in it , she 's exhibiting off the prettiest smile whereas holding up a cup of tea and carrying a purple and white patterned costume with a plunging neckline . Her hair is tied again and he or she 's carrying pure wanting make-up that introduced out her beautiful options . `` Sunday tea time ☕ ✨ ❤ , '' Jennifer wrote within the caption . Followers rapidly shared feedback in response to the photograph and plenty of of them have been stuffed with compliments . `` How will you be so stunning ? You 're excellent and I 'm proud to be your fan , '' one fan wrote whereas one other referred to as her a `` cutie . '' Jennifer 's newest pic is n't the primary gorgeous one she 's shared since being in quarantine as a result of COVID-19 pandemic . The brunette magnificence has had many seems whereas taking issues someday at a time and so they 're all equally unbelievable . From hanging out exterior to posing in exercise garments , she is aware of methods to put on an outfit ! On Aug. 14 , the `` If You Had My Love '' crooner shared a snapshot of herself laying within the solar whereas carrying what gave the impression to be a brown bathing go well with , which you 'll see above . She accessorized with hoop earrings and held one hand over her eyes to provide herself some shade . `` Friday feels , '' she captioned the put up . Earlier than that , on June 26 , she took a selfie in a mirror , which could be seen under , whereas carrying a trendy pink crop high and leggings that had a design of a blue cloudy sky and air balloons on it . She had her lengthy straight locks tied up right into a ponytail and once more wore hoop earrings as she held up her telephone to take the pic . `` Again at it and prepared for the weekend , '' she wrote with a solar emoji alongside it . Let 's face it , Jennifer is the queen of wanting fabulous throughout quarantine and we will ' t cease being impressed by her seems . We are able to ' t wait to see what else she has in retailer throughout the previous few weeks of summer season !", "url": "https://sunriseread.com/jennifer-lopez-51-stuns-in-a-sexy-red-white-dress-plus-more-of-her-hottest-quarantine-looks/111426/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.7505133152008057}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.7505133152008057}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3713563848002238, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfYEhKf", "stitle": "Sky Sports Jacquie Beltrao 's ` incurable ' breast cancer lump shrinks to half its size", "seg_title_stem": "Sky Sports Jacquie Beltrao 's ` incurable ' breast cancer lump shrink to half its size", "seg_content": "Jacquie Beltrao has said given an encouraging update on the cancerous lump in her breast after being told by doctors that it was `` incurable . '' The 55-year-old Sky News sports presenter was pleased to hear that it has shrunk to half its original size . Jacquie was recently diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time after doctors reportedly first told her she had the condition in 2013 . Speaking to Hello ! magazine that `` neither my doctors nor I could believe '' how much the growth had shrunk by . She added : `` I was stunned and so relieved . `` I was told that even if the tumour inside my breast had remained the same size , that would be a good result . `` But to find it had shrunk was unheard of . '' The former Olympic gymnast was devastated when finding out that she was ill again and `` did n't realise '' breast cancer could return . Speaking about the diagnosis , Jacquie said : `` Facing it again felt like a kick in the stomach . `` When I was told it was incurable , I burst into tears and thought , ` That 's it , I 'm going to die ' . '' With such a heartbreaking outcome , Jacquie spoke about what has upset her about the future . She added : `` I felt so sad that I 'd never go to my daughter 's wedding , see my sons graduate , or become a grandma . '' Jacquie said that while she is `` not out of the woods yet '' doctors have told her it is `` possible to keep the cancer under control '' . She revealed her diagnosis in a piece to camera that she shared on social media in June , after she had already started treatment for grade three breast cancer . The sports news anchor told her fans : `` For the last four weeks , me and my family have been walking through a living nightmare . `` But I am where I am . I 've got a great medical team , friends , family . '' Jacquie went public with the news because she did n't feel comfortable pretending everything had been normal on her return to work at Sky . She said : `` In lockdown I took my own advice did a check found a tiny little lump just here . `` I had it biopsied , turns out it 's a grade three breast cancer once again . Much nastier than the first one I had . `` I 'm sharing this because it felt weird going back to Sky and going on social media again pretending everything was shiny and fun when it was n't . '' * Read the full interview in Hello ! magazine , out now . Do you have a story to sell ? Get in touch with us at webcelebs@trinitymirror.com or call us direct 0207 29 33033", "url": "https://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/sky-sports-jacquie-beltrao-gives-22532207", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9138513207435608, "Health": 0.9973044991493225}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9138513207435608, "Health_Other": 0.9973044991493225}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.025015028663858505, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfZB2Wp", "stitle": "In Loving Memory : Obituaries Of The Week August 16 , 2020", "seg_title_stem": "in loving memory : obituary of the week August 16 , 2020", "seg_content": "In Loving Memory : Obituaries Aug. 10-16 , 2020 ROBERTSON COUNTY TENNESSEE : -LRB- Smokey Barn News -RRB- * Refresh this page for updates and newly listed obituaries for this week . Obituary for Robert Filmore Garrett Robert Filmore Garrett , 95 , of Greenbrier , passed away on Thursday August 13 , 2020 at North Crest Medical Center . Graveside services were conducted Saturday August 15th at 11:00 a.m. in the Springfield Memorial Gardens with Danny Wilson officiating . Pallbearers were Elliott Dorris , Ricky Buckliew , Tim Wilson , Andrew Perry , James Garrett , Jr. , and George Haynes . The family received friends at the graveside service . Mr. Garrett was born February 9 , 1925 in Greenbrier to the late Jody and Mary Bloodworth Garrett . In addition to his parents , he was preceded in death by his brother : James Garrett . Mr. Garrett was of the Baptist faith , having attended Ebenezer Baptist Church since childhood . He loved the Lord and believed in reading his Bible daily and praying for his family and friends . His faith was strong , and he always believed that God would take care of him and those he loved and cared about . Mr. Garrett was a lifelong farmer and his greatest joy in life was working the land . He loved being outdoors caring for his animals and spending time with his beloved pug , Myrtle . Mr. Garrett is survived by his wife , Susan Ward Garrett of Greenbrier , by his daughter and son-in-law : Sandra and George Haynes of Greenbrier , by his stepson : Danny Wilson of Greenbrier , and by his 3 grandchildren , 2 nieces , and 1 nephew . Robertson County Funeral Home in charge of memorial service . Obituary for James O'Neal McKisic , Sr. . James O'Neal McKisic , Sr. , 88 , of Goodlettsville , entered into the joy of his Lord on Thursday August 13 , 2020 at NHC Healthcare in Springfield . In honor of his wishes , his remains will be cremated , and a private family Celebration of Life will be held . Mr. McKisic was born December 3 , 1931 in Springfield to the late Sidney Dilliard and Myrtle Conn McKisic . He accepted Christ at an early age at Jerusalem Temple in Springfield . He attended school in the Robertson County School system . Mr. McKisic served 15 years in the Army and Airforce branches of service . He was one of the first African American Dental Specialist in the armed forces . His declarations and awards from the military included the Army of Occupation Medal -LRB- Germany -RRB- , and the National Defense Service Medal . Mr. McKisic retired from Delight Products in Springfield . He also worked at State Stove in Ashland City , was an Orderly for 15 years at Jesse Holman Jones Hospital , and following retirement from Delight Products , he worked at Al 's Foods in White House . Mr. McKisic was a kind hearted man that went out of his way to assist anyone that he saw in need . A service man at heart and was detail oriented in everyway of his life . He loved his family dearly and shared this with all that crossed his path . In addition to his parents , he was preceded in death by his wives : Edna Shannon McKisic and Mary Wright McKisic , by his son : James O'Neal `` Jimmy '' McKisic , Jr. , by is grandson : Deitrick Bell , by his siblings : Henry McKisic , Mary Emma McKisic Jordan , Sidney Dilliard McKisic , Jr. , Mary Elizabeth McKisic , Daisy Belle McKisic , Paul McKisic , and Charles Holland , and by his step children : Curt Wright , Jr , Bobbi Jean Wright , and Gloria Faye Wright . Mr. McKisic leaves to cherish his memory his daughters and sons-in-law : Rhonda Rachelle McKisic Bell and Reverend Robert E. Bell of Cross Plains , Reverend Darlene Renay McKisic Gardner and Lonnie Gardner of Mt. Washington , KY , his daughter-in-law : Liz McKisic of Adairville , KY , his grandchildren : Demetria Bell Duncan and husband Lamar , Christopher McKisic , Lonnie Gardner , Jr. and wife Megan , Felicia McKisic , and Jonathon Gardner and wife Amy , by his great grandchildren : Jude , Bryce , and Clarke Gardner , by his step sons : Willie Roy and Larry Wright , by a host of nieces , nephews , and other relatives . Mr. McKisic 's family wishes to extend a special thanks to neighbors : James Taylor and John Jernigan , to Caris Hospice , to Dr. Gilbert Bazaldua and staff , and to the nursing staff at NHC Healthcare and North Crest Medical Center . Robertson County Funeral Home in charge of memorial service . Obituary for Reverend James Duane Cowan Reverend James Duane Cowan , age 83 of Greenbrier , TN , died Tuesday August 11 , 2020 at his home . Memorial services will be held at 2 pm on Wednesday August 19 , 2020 with Rev. John Casey and Rev. Jason Wilkerson officiating . Honorary pallbearers will be Tommy Porter , Lynn Porter , Tony Porter , Wayne Stevens , Grover Wade , Sonny Jones , Billy Browning , Jackie Holland , Tom Graef , Barry Johnson , Roy Sayne , Tracey Cowan and Chris Cowan . Inurnment will follow in Springfield Memorial Gardens . The family will receive friends at the funeral home on Wednesday from 12 pm until the hour of service at 2 pm . Rev. Cowan was born June 5 , 1937 in Logan Co. , KY to the late J.L. and Lois Austin Cowan . His daughter , Linda Cowan and brother , Clark Cowan also preceded him in death . He was a veteran of the United States Army and worked in sales before answering a call to ministry . He was a retired minster with the Tennessee Conference of the United Methodist Church where he pastored at Pleasant Grove UMC , Greenwood UMC and Mt. Lebanon UMC , all in Lawrenceburg , TN and all at the same time , preaching at 9 , 10 and 11 while also graduating from Martin Methodist and Emory University . Rev. Cowan then served at Charlotte-Fagan UMC in Charlotte , TN and from there he served Mt. Carmel UMC in Clarksville , TN and then retired from Woodland St. UMC in Springfield . He enjoyed repairing and restoring Volkswagens . Surviving Duane are his wife of 48 years , Gale Pope Cowan of Greenbrier , TN ; daughter , Marsha Cowan of Clarkston , WA ; sister , Beatrice Long of Russellville , KY and many nephews and nieces . If so desired , the family request memorial donations may be made to either Adoration Hospice or Greenbrier UMC . All donations may be sent in care of the Robertson County Funeral Home . Robertson County Funeral Home in charge of memorial service . Obituary for Sandy Hibdon Morris `` Sandy '' Adam Hibdon , age 64 of Pleasant View , Tennessee , died Wednesday , August 12 , 2020 at Centennial Medical Center in Nashville . Funeral services were held at Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View at 11 o ' clock am on Saturday , August 15th , with Bro . Bob Hamm officiating . Burial followed at 1:00 PM in Mt. Olivet Cemetery in Nashville with family and friends serving as pallbearers . The family received friends at the funeral home from 4PM until 8PM on Friday , August 14th , and again on Saturday from 10:00 AM until the hour of service at 11:00 AM . Mr. Hibdon was born on November 25 , 1955 , in Nashville , Tennessee to the late John and Jackie Sutton Jr. . He was employed at Electrolux in Springfield as a Tool and Die maker and was of the Baptist Faith . In addition to his parents , he is preceded in death by his son , Christopher Hibdon ; grandson , Adam Hibdon ; brothers , Marty Wilson and Clifford Ray Birdwell ; and a sister , Lisa Hibdon . He is survived by his wife , Loreen Hibdon , ; his daughter , Savannah Hibdon ; son , Jeremy -LRB- Jordon -RRB- Dobson ; brother , John -LRB- Carolyn -RRB- Sutton , III ; grandchildren , Amiah Howard , Bella Howard , Kaylie Hibdon , Cameron Hibdon , and Makayla , Ashlyn , & Bailey Dobson . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Virginia Coleman Virginia Justice Coleman , 96 , passed away peacefully on Aug 12 , 2020 at the Main Street Senior Living Facility in Hendersonville , Tennessee . Virginia was the daughter of James George Justice and Kathleen Moulton Justice of Cedar Hill , Tennessee . She received her Bachelor of Science Degree from Austin Peay State College in Clarksville , Tennessee and earned a Master of Science Degree from Memphis State University . Virginia was a dedicated educator improving the lives of students in several school systems over a 30 year career . She and her husband John Coleman had three children -- Terry Coleman , Ruth Ann Bledsoe , and Kathy Hicks . Following John 's death in 1992 , Virginia remarried Ken Bell of Southaven , Mississippi , where they lived until he passed away in 2013 . She is survived by two of her children , has seven grandchildren and two great grandchildren . She is survived by her sister , Mary Ruth Hancock of Nashville , Tennessee , and her brother , George `` Buddy '' Edwin Justice of Cedar Hill , Tennessee . A graveside service for Virginia will be held at 11AM on August 19 , 2020 , at Springfield Memorial Gardens , Springfield , Tennessee , Garden of the four Gospels . In lieu of flowers please consider making a tax-deductible contribution in Virginia 's name to the Alzheimer 's Association -LRB- Tax ID 13-3039601 -RRB- by mail at P.O. Box 96011 , Washington , D.C. 20090-6011 or by telephone at -LRB-800-RRB- 272-3900 . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Juanita Metta Adamson Age 97 of Grenbrier went home to be with the Lord Tuesday , August 11 , 2020 at Skyline Medical Center . She was born September 1 , 1922 in Kenna , New Mexico to Chad & Emma Wilhoitt Jones . She worked in civil service in Logistics/Base Supply until her retirement . Mrs. Adamson was a member of The Church of the Firstborn . She is preceded in death by her parents ; husband , Raymond C. Adams ; daughter , Joyce Ann `` Woody '' Peterson ; 5 sisters ; 2 brothers . She is survived by her sons , Ray Adamson , Greenbrier , TN and David -LRB- Cathy -RRB- Adamson , White House , TN ; 8 grandchildren ; 16 great-grandchildren . Funeral service is scheduled for Monday , August 17 , 2020 at 7pm in the chapel of Austin & Bell Funeral Home in White House with Pastor Roger Brewer officiating . Interment will follow on Tuesday , August 18 , 2020 at 12:30 pm in Middle Tennessee Veteran 's Cemetery in Pegram , Tennessee with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation with the family is scheduled for Monday , August 17 , 2020 5-7pm at the funeral home . Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Sue Anne Evilcizer Harris Sue Anne Evilcizer Harris , age 80 , of Springfield , passed away Tuesday , August 11 , 2020 at NorthCrest Medical Center . A graveside service was held Friday , August 14 , 2020 at 1pm in the Springfield Memorial Gardens with Brother Jack Oden officiating . Burial followed with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation was held at the Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield on Friday from 11:30 am until 12:30 pm . Mrs. Harris was born March 9 , 1940 in Springfield to the late John W. and Mattie Ellis Evilcizer . She was a homemaker and member of the Springfield Church of the Nazarene . She loved flowers , collecting chickens and her family , especially her grandchildren and great-grandchildren . In addition to her parents Mrs. Harris is preceded in death by her sister , Betty Lynn James , her brother , Gary Evilcizer , and her son , John William Evilcizer Harris . Mrs. Harris is survived by her husband , Jerry Harris ; son , Brian Harris of Springfield ; daughter , Susan Harris of Springfield ; brothers , Larry -LRB- Patty -RRB- Evilcizer and John -LRB- Billie -RRB- Evilcizer ; grandchildren , Rebecca Harris and Layla Harris ; and great-grandchild , Addalyn Harris . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Hazel Y. Jones Hazel Y. Jones , age 98 of Hendersonville , passed away on Tuesday , August 11 , 2020 . She had been a resident at The Hearth of Hendersonville since 2014 . She was preceded in death by her husband of 64 years , Lt. Col. -LRB- ret . -RRB- Marion A. Jones . She is survived by a son , Paul Jones -LRB- Patti -RRB- , a daughter , Pat Brewton -LRB- Charles -RRB- , and her adored grandson , Danny . `` Miss '' Hazel was born in Cochran , GA , and lived in numerous places around the world as an Army wife . While her husband served in the Pacific during WWII , she worked for the Air Force at the Pentagon , living in one of the women 's dormitories at the famed Arlington Farms , built to house the many who came to work in D.C. during the war . The buildings were later torn down to build what is now Arlington Cemetery . She was a long-term member of the Eastern Star , serving a term as Worthy Matron . Hobbies over her life included ceramics , crocheting , macramé , sewing , quilting , traveling , but especially bridge . She was a member of several weekly bridge clubs who played what we jokingly called `` killer '' bridge . Winning the pot might mean 57 cents . Her love of people and whimsical sense of humor never faded , even as dementia became an issue . She was a beautiful Christian lady who will be sorely missed . She will be laid to rest next to her husband in the Masonic Mausoleum at Parkhill Cemetery located in Columbus , GA. . Thank you , God , for letting us have her as long as You did . There are no services scheduled locally . Service entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Hendersonville . Obituary for Donald Pendleton Donald Otis Pendleton , age 84 , of Springfield , passed away Tuesday , August 11 , 2020 at his home . Funeral services were held Saturday , August 15 , 2020 at 12pm in the chapel of the Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield with Robert H. Bell officiating . Burial followed in the Springfield Memorial Gardens with Tony Pendleton , Tim Pendleton , Brian Pendleton , Mike Pendleton , Charles Bibee and Dave Woessner serving as pallbearers . Visitation was held at the funeral home on Friday , August 14 , 2020 from 4-8pm and again on Saturday from 10am until the hour of service at 12pm . Mr. Pendleton was born July 28 , 1936 to the late Otis and Roxie Bell Morris Pendleton . To take care of his family he began working at an early age at Carter Shoe Company in Nashville and went on to work at Water Bonnett and Professional Bags , but retired from Acme Boot Company . He never met a stranger and loved to talk . He loved gardening and was so generous he would give you the shirt off his back . Mr. Pendleton was also a member of the Cross Roads Baptist Church . In addition to his parents Mr. Pendleton is preceded in death by his infant brother William Thomas Pendleton and infant sister , Mary Faye Pendleton , and his brothers , Leonard Austin Pendleton , Roy James Pendleton and Anthony Ray Pendleton . Mr. Pendleton is survived by his brothers , Billy Ralph Pendleton , George Walter Pendleton and Lonnie Harris Pendleton , all of Springfield ; sister , Belvy Evergene Peercy of Springfield ; and a host of loving nieces and nephews and great-nieces and nephews who will all miss him very much . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Vernon Johnson Vernon Wayne Johnson , age 67 , of Cedar Hill , passed away Tuesday , August 11 , 2020 at his home . Funeral services will be held Monday , August 17 , 2020 at 12pm in the chapel of the Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield . Burial will follow in the Springfield Memorial Gardens with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation will be held at the funeral home on Monday from 10am until the hour of service at 12pm . Mr. Johnson was born January 27 , 1953 in Texas to the late Vernon H. and Sue Dillard Johnson . He worked as a welder at Unarco and was a Christian . Mr. Johnson is survived by his daughter and son-in-law , Heather and Adam Edward of Adams ; and his sister , Suzanne Wesolek of Arab , AL. . Mr. Johnson is also survived by a host of loving friends and extended family that will all miss him very much . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Norma Ruth Townsend Age 86 of White House went home to be with the Lord Monday , August 10 , 2020 at her home . She was born December 21 , 1933 in Rogers , Arkansas to Ed & Blanche Birdge Johnson . She worked as a teller for Farmer 's Bank for 12 years before her retirement . She was an artist , taught pottery classes , loved golfing , hiking , backpacking and camping . She also loved driving fast , even taking a class to learn to drive race cars . Norma was saved and received the Holy Ghost in 1963 and had been a member of the Christian Gospel Temple since 1963 . She is preceded in death by her parents ; 3 brothers , Bill , Clarence and Russell ; 4 sisters , Gladys , Edna , Eva and Bertha . She is survived by her loving husband of 59 years , Albert Townsend ; son , Greg -LRB- Laura -RRB- Townsend , both of White House , TN ; brother , Junior -LRB- Dorothy -RRB- Johnson , Cushing , OK ; sister , Juanita Green , White House , TN ; 3 grandchildren , Bailey , David and Matthew ; 5 great-grandchildren , Matthew , Jr. , Allie , Addyson , Everett and Bennett . Funeral service was held Saturday , August 15 , 2020 at 1pm in the Christian Gospel Temple with Bro . Steve Farmer and Bro . Rob Massie officiating . Interment followed in Hillcrest Cemetery with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation was held Saturday , August 15 , 2020 11am until the time of the service at the church . Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Nichole Ailean Curtis Nichole Ailean Curtis , age 26 , loving daughter , wife , mother and friend , passed away on August 10 , 2020 in Hartsville , TN . Nichole was born on March 26 , 1994 in Nashville , TN . The daughter of Jim and Crissy Riddle of Springfield , TN . She was married to Perley Curtis , Jr ; and has two daughters , Elena Renee and Pheobe Ailean . Nikki loved music and loved to sing . She was an avid reader and adored her precious girls . Her beautiful smile could light up any room . She was loved by so many . Nikki graduated from Family Christian Academy and attended Volunteer State Community College . She worked at Fire Kleen Restoration with her mother . She attended Cornerstone Nashville where she was saved and baptized . Nichole is preceded in death by her grandmother , Nancy Ailean Racine . She is survived by her husband , Perley Jr. : daughters , Elena and Pheobe ; parents , Jim and Crissy Riddle ; grandparents , Tom and Sally Riddle , Dallas and Lucy Racine , and Loretta Courtney Riddle ; her in-laws and many aunts , uncles , cousins and friends . Her family received friends on Friday , August 14 , from 4:00 pm until 8:00 pm and again on Saturday , August 15 , from 11:00 am until her Celebration of Life Service at 1:00 pm at Austin and Bell Funeral Home , Hendersonville . Services were conducted by Pastor Kent Riddle . Pallbearers included Brody Kimbro , Jacob Corbitt , Dakota Richard , Tyler Richard , Christian Richard , and Andy Stephens . Interment will follow in Beech Cemetery . The funeral home asked that anyone attending the visitation to please wear a mask and refrain from any physical contact with the family such as hugs and handshakes . For their safety , all CDC guidelines were followed . Service entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Hendersonville . -LRB- Updated -RRB- LAST WEEKS OBITUARIES Obituary for Tommy Perkins Tommy Perkins , age 64 of Springfield , died Friday , August 7 , 2020 at NorthCrest Medical Center . Memorial services were conducted Friday , August 14 , 2020 at 6:00 PM in the Oakhurst Chapel of Robertson County Funeral Home . The family received friends Friday from 2:00 PM until the hour of service . Mr. Perkins was born September 4 , 1955 in Nashville to the late Charles and Mabel Barnesgrove Perkins . He loved working in the parts department of Payne Chevrolet . Family came first for him . His wife , Patsy , was his whole world as well as his children , grandchildren , and great grandchildren . He also enjoyed sports and gardening and working outdoors . He is survived by his wife , Patsy Perkins of Springfield ; sons , Scott Baxter and wife , Susan of Greenbrier , Mark Baxter and wife , Tricia of Cross Plains , Chris Perkins of Jonesboro , AR , and Brian Perkins of White House ; daughter , Kim Baxter Morgan of Springfield ; brothers , Charles Perkins and wife , Georgia of Cottontown and Steve Perkins of Springfield ; sister , Ellen Perkins of Antioch ; grandchildren , Christopher , Sarah , Jessica , Michaela , Wyatt , Taylor , Colin , Blaine , Cade , Carmen , Liam , and Palmer ; and great grandchildren , Max and Jax . The family request , if so desired , for memorial contributions to be made to St. Jude Children 's Hospital . All donations can be sent c/o Robertson County Funeral Home . Robertson County Funeral Home in charge of memorial service . Obituary for Jill Renee Allen Age 53 of Franklin , KY passed away Sunday , August 9 , 2020 at her home . She was born February 12 , 1967 in Nashville , TN to Donald & Vivian Denson Spalding . She worked in food service until becoming disabled . She is preceded in death by her husband , Richard Brewington ; step-father , Brion Ford . She is survived by her son , Blaze Brewington -LRB- Tabitha Pike -RRB- , Portland , TN ; daughter , Jade -LRB- Ronald Haines , Jr. -RRB- Allen , White House , TN ; mother , Vivian Ford , White House , TN ; father and step-mother , Donald -LRB- Barbara -RRB- Spalding , Portland , TN ; sister , Tamara Crafton , White House , TN ; niece , Morgan -LRB- Don -RRB- Hardin , Franklin , KY ; 2 grandchildren , Israel Brewington and Eleanor Haines . A memorial service is scheduled for Thursday , August 13 , 2020 at 7pm in the chapel of Austin & Bell FUneral Home in White House with Pastor Daniel Johnson officiating . A private family inurnment will be held at a later date at Nashville National Cemetery in Madison , TN . Visitation with the family was held Thursday , August 13 , 2020 4-7pm at the funeral home . Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Ken Starks Roy `` Ken '' Kenneth Starks , age 75 of Greenbrier passed away Sunday , August 9 , 2020 at his residence . The family received friends 4pm to 8pm on Wednesday , August 12 and 10 am until the hour of service on Thursday at Austin & Bell Funeral Home Greenbrier . The funeral service was at 11am , Thursday , August 13 at the funeral home Funeral Home with Jimmy Gayle officiating . Burial followed in Bellwood Cemetery . He was born in Springfield , TN on January 22 , 1945 to the late Alvin and Vida Kirby Starks . He was also preceded in death by his wife of 52 years , Mary R. `` Ruthie '' Davis Starks ; brothers , Charles Starks , Gene Starks and sister , Shirley Reynolds . He was a manager of Hoffman 's Body Shop for 42 years . He loved his wife , children and grandchildren and loved Corvettes and Hot Rods . He was a member of the Nashville Corvette Club for 40 plus years . He is survived by son , Chris -LRB- Laurie -RRB- Starks of Greenbrier , Scott -LRB- Tasha -RRB- Wallace and son Rusty -LRB- fiancé Morgan -RRB- who he considered son and daughter and grandson ; sisters , Catherine Felts of Hermitage , Ruth Sutton of Hendersonville ; grandchildren , Mandie Hatchett , Dillon Starks , Carson Starks ; great-grandchildren , Xzander Hatchett , Braxton Hatchett and many nieces and nephews whom he considered his own . Pallbearers were Scott Wallace , Rusty Wallace , Scott Wright , Justin Wright , Brandon Sprouse and Todd Carter . Honorary pallbearers were Jimmy Gayle and Gary Sutton . In lieu of flowers contributions may be made to the Down Syndrome Association of Middle Tennessee , 1310 Central Court , Hermitage , TN 37076 . Services have been entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Greenbrier , Tn . Obituary for Scottie Brewer Scottie `` Scott '' Brewer , age 71 passed away on Sunday , August 9 , 2020 in Goodlettsville , TN . Scott is survived by his mother Allie Mae Ratliff Brewer ; children Christy Nicole Brewer -LRB- Shane -RRB- and Kevin Brewer -LRB- Grace -RRB- ; Grandchildren Allison Faye Hitch , Morgan Oliva Hitch , and Emma Rylee Mercardo-Brewer . Scott is preceded in death by his father , Oliver Braxton Brewer . Scott was a loving son , father , and grandfather and loved them without end . Scott was also an avid tennis player who loved to play , even on the hottest of days . Scott was loved by all who met him and will continue to be loved and in our hearts forever . No services are scheduled at this time . Service entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home and Cremation Service , Hendersonville . Obituary for Claude Gene `` Trey '' Barbee , III Claude Gene `` Trey '' Barbee , III , 46 , of Hermitage , passed away on Wednesday August 5 , 2020 at Southern Hills Medical Center . A Celebration of Trey 's life will be held at a future date . He was born September 21 , 1973 in Springfield , the son of C.G. and Wynne Ann Angel Barbee . Trey was a graduate of Springfield High School and Western Kentucky University . He had worked as an Optician at both Doctor 's Value Vision and Wal-Mart Vision Center . He was a member of Main Street Church of Christ . Trey loved playing cards , reading , both playing and watching Tennis , and watching Kentucky basketball . His greatest enjoyment in life was making others laugh . He was preceded in death by his grandparents : Jim and Mary Ann Angel , and Gene Barbee , and by his niece : Baby Sanford . Trey leaves to cherish his memory , his parents : C.G. and Wynne Ann Barbee of Springfield , his brother : Todd -LRB- Alea Overby -RRB- Barbee of Springfield , his sister : Angel Barbee of Springfield , his grandmother : Elsie Barbee of Springfield , his niece : Halley Sanford , his nephews : Brandt and Gunner Barbee , and by many aunts , uncles , cousins , and friends . Robertson County Funeral Home was in charge of services . Obituary for Linda Adams McCollum Age 73 of White House passed away Saturday , August 8 , 2020 at her home . She was born January 14 , 1947 in Asheville , NC to Charles & Lauretta Johnson Adams . She was the owner/operator of several Buck Stove Companies before her retirement . She enjoyed going to yard sales , spending quiet time at home and also spending time with her family , who she loved so much . She also enjoyed decorating . She is preceded in death by her father , Charles Adams ; sister , Iris Burrell . She is survived by her mother , Lauretta Johnson Adams , Asheville , NC ; sons , Roger Hall , Cottontown , TN , Darrell -LRB- Lara -RRB- Hall , Durham , NC and Terry -LRB- Debbie -RRB- Adams , Asheville , NC ; daughter , Angie -LRB- Gerard -RRB- Monahan , Cottontown , TN ; 9 grandchildren , Rachel -LRB- Brent -RRB- White , Payton Adams , Lea Monahan , Tara Stewart , Justin Hall , Olivia Hall , Christian Hall , Kaylee Hall and Joseph Monahan ; 3 great-grandchildren , Lily Adams , Megan White and Liam Atkinson . There are no services or visitation planned at this time . Memorial contributions may be made to Alive Hospice 1718 Patterson Street Nashville , TN 37203 Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Sharon Robinson Haynes Sharon Robinson Haynes , age 79 , of Cross Plains , passed away Friday , August 07 , 2020 at Skyline Medical Center in Nashville . Funeral services were held Sunday , August 9 , 2020 at 2pm in the chapel of the Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield with Brother Charles Baugh and Brother Bobby Strickland officiating . Visitation was held one hour prior to the service at 1pm . Live Stream Link will be available through the Austin & Bell website . Facebook : -LRB- need an active account to view -RRB- https://www.facebook.com/Sharon-Haynes-Memorial-579660942730283/ Twitch : -LRB- do not need to setup an account to view -RRB- https://www.twitch.tv/sharon_haynes Burial will be held Thursday , August 13 , 2020 at 12pm at Spring Hill Cemetery with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Mrs. Haynes was born April 1 , 1941 in Nashville to the late Kirk and Addie Evelyn Sells Robinson . She was a teacher at Stratford High School and member of the White House Church of Christ . In addition to her parents Mrs. Haynes is preceded in death by her husband , George Holbert Haynes . She is survived by her daughter and son-in-law , Dianne and David Sturdivant of Cross Plains ; and her grandchildren , Daniel and Kayla Sturdivant of White House and Kristen Sturdivant of Orlando , Florida . If so desired memorial contributions may be made to the American Cancer Society or the Nashville Humane Association . Any donations may be sent in c/o Austin & Bell . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for James Parks James Lee Parks , age 47 of Pleasant View , Tennessee died Friday , August 7 , 2020 at St. Thomas West in Nashville . -LRB- Click here for an SBN tribute report -RRB- James 's wishes were for his remains to be cremated . James was born on May 15 , 1973 in Haines City , Florida . He worked for TDOT as a Highway Incident Response Operator . James was retired from the Pleasant View Volunteer Fire Department after 15 years of service and was Fire Captain the most recent of them . He also was a contract firefighter in Iraq and Afghanistan . He loved to plant flowers even though he did not have a green thumb and his favorite dog , Harlow was shared everyday with his friends on Facebook . He never met a stranger . James was a member of the 24 Church . He is preceded in death by his father , James Worthington ; and a son , James Clayton . He is survived by his wife , Sandra Parks ; son , Austin Parks ; daughter , Payton Parks ; brother , Terry Worthington ; and a sister , Sherry -LRB- Cisco -RRB- Thompson ; and several aunts . A special thanks to all his devoted friends who have called , texted and prayed for James during this difficult time . A big thanks to Trey , Amy , & Will Nelms , John & Teresa Sullivan , Tanya Garvin , and Pete Walker for their friendship , encouragement and love during this time . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Glenna Faye Hicks Age 68 of White House went home to be with the Lord Thursday , August 6 , 2020 at Saint Thomas Midtown . She was born August 31 , 1951 in Nashville , TN to Glenn & Milbrey Covington Broadrick . She worked as a hairstylist for many years . She was the former owner of Shear Magic Beauty Salon and was a partner in the Hair Gallery . Glenna was a woman of great faith and loved Halltown General Baptist Church , where she was a long time member . She enjoyed cooking and many remember her as `` the best biscuit maker in the world '' . She is preceded in death by her parents ; husband , Billy Hicks . She is survived by her sons , Jeffrey Shane Hicks , Madison , TN , Timothy Shannon Hicks , Nashville , TN and Spencer Gray Hicks , White House , TN ; brothers , Gary -LRB- Judy -RRB- Broadrick and Joe -LRB- Rhonda -RRB- Broadrick , both of White House , TN ; 5 grandchildren , Ivy Hicks , Lia Hicks , Reilly Hicks , Rhett Hicks and Jake Hicks . Funeral service was held Sunday , August 9 , 2020 at 2pm in the chapel of Austin & Bell Funeral Home in White House with Pastor Mike Brady officiating . Interment followed in Halltown Cemetery with family and friends serving as pallbearers . Visitation was held Saturday , August 8 , 2020 2-8pm and Sunday , August 9 , 2020 12-2pm at the funeral home . Memorial contributions may be made to Halltown General Baptist Church 120 Dink Rut Road Portland , TN 37148 Arrangements entrusted to Austin & Bell Funeral Home 533 Highway 76 White House , TN 37188 Obituary for Preston Winters Charlie `` Preston '' Winters , age 96 of the Brewer 's Chapel Community in Cheatham County , Tennessee , died Thursday , August 6 , 2020 at the Waters of Cheatham in Ashland City . A graveside service was held in Resthaven Memorial Gardens in Clarksville at 10 o ' clock am on Monday , August 10th , with Pastor Penny Stratton officiating . Burial followed with Tommy Castleberry , Jeff Castleberry , Dillon Castleberry , Preston Castleberry , Destin Maurer , and Rich Steele serving as pallbearers . There was no visitation at the funeral home prior to the graveside service . Mr. Winters was born on September 5 , 1923 , in Brewer 's Chapel , Tennessee to the late Charlie Irad and Minnie Lee Nicholson Winters . He was a carpenter , farmer , and a U.S. Army Veteran having served in World War II in Okinawa in the South Pacific . He was a member of the Brewers Chapel United Methodist Church . In addition to his parents , he is preceded in death by his wife , Ruth Inman Winters ; three brothers ; and four sisters . He is survived by his son , Gene Randell -LRB- Debbie -RRB- Winters ; his daughter , Gretta -LRB- Tommy -RRB- Castleberry ; grandchildren , Emily -LRB- Destin -RRB- Maurer , Jenny Winters , Amy -LRB- Ed -RRB- Kautz , Sandy Burney , and Jeff -LRB- Amy -RRB- Castleberry ; great-grandchildren , Kendal & Kate Maurer and Dillon & Preston Castleberry ; and his nieces & nephews . If so desired , memorial contributions may be made to Brewer 's Chapel UMC or the Alzheimer 's Association , Middle Tennesse Chapter , 478 Craighead Street , Suite 200 , Nashville , Tennessee , 37204 . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for David Sutter , Sr. . David Elwood Sutter , Sr. , age 81 , of Lebanon , and formerly of Robertson County , passed away Wednesday , August 5 , 2020 at The Residence at Alive Hospice in Nashville . Mr. Sutter 's remains will be cremated and a memorial service will be held in in his honor at a later date . Mr. Sutter was born October 11 , 1938 in Gardiner , ME to the late Elwood Vernon and Ruth Carver Sutter . He worked in the steel industry at Unarco . Mr. Sutter is survived by his son , David Sutter , Jr. of Lebanon ; daughters , Donna -LRB- Scott -RRB- McEwing of Orlinda and Dianna -LRB- Wayne -RRB- Bull of Cottontown ; sisters , Lorraine Black and Mary Ann Sutter of Augusta , ME ; grandchildren , April Remick , Collin Bull , Matthew McEwing , Jennie Farris , Danielle Sutter , Shelby Sutter and Amber McDade ; and 10 great-grandchildren . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for Muriel Pryor Muriel Reeves Pryor , age 89 , of Springfield , passed away Wednesday , August 5 , 2020 at NorthCrest Medical Center . Funeral services were held Saturday , August 8 , 2020 at 2pm in the chapel of the Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield with Brother Carl Fruedenthal , Brother Patrick Nicks and Brother Joey Jones officiating . Burial followed in the Springfield Memorial Gardens with Justin Pryor , Chad Pryor , Wayne Binkley , Alan Holman , Porter Henderson , Leslie Richardson , Raymond Hooper and Kevin Martin serving as pallbearers . Visitation will be held at the funeral home on Friday , August 7 , 2020 from 4-8pm and again on Saturday from 11am until the hour of service at 2pm . Mrs. Pryor was born March 30 , 1931 in Robertson County to the late Thomas and Mary Clinard Reeves . She worked as a bookkeeper and was a member of the Flewellyn Baptist Church . She was a mother , grandmother , friend and `` Prayer Warrior '' . In addition to her parents Mrs. Pryor is preceded in death by her husband , Robert L. Pryor , her sisters , Grace Holman , Eunice Horn and Polly Andrews and her brothers , Arthur `` Pop-Gun '' Reeves and Clarence Reeves . Mrs. Pryor is survived by her son , Steve -LRB- Patricia -RRB- Pryor of Springfield ; grandsons , Justin -LRB- Chavonne -RRB- Pryor and Chad Pryor ; great-grandchildren , Kaelynn Pryor , Cassie Williams , Caitlan Wilkerson , Hannah Pryor and Kinsley Pryor ; and great-great-grandchildren , Bryleigh and Tre . If so desired memorial contributions may be made to the Flewellyn Baptist Church Children 's Fund . Any donations may be sent in c/o Austin & Bell . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Springfield is in charge of these arrangements . Obituary for James Stone Carter James Stone Carter , age 30 , of Springfield and formerly of Hendersonville , passed away on Wednesday , August 5 , 2020 . He was preceded in death by his maternal grandparents , Shirley A. and Donald C. Boyd . He is survived by his longtime companion , Karen Morales ; his parents , James Roy and Debbie Carter ; sons , Damian Cruz Carter and James Benjamin Carter ; sisters , Grace Carter , Shiannee Carter and Aladeen Stoll ; paternal grandparents , C. B. and Sally Carter ; Aunts and Uncles , Melissa Carter , David Carter , Christy Carter , Aaron Carter , Sherri Boyd , and Craig Boyd ; Great aunt and uncle , Cal Vanloh and Linda Vanloh . Many loving cousins also survive . His family received friends from 4:00 pm until 8:00 pm on Monday , August 10 and again on Tuesday , August 11 from 11:00 am until his Celebration of Life service at 1:00 pm at Austin and Bell Funeral Home in Hendersonville . Services were conducted by Bobby Wilson . Family and friends served as pallbearers . Honorary pallbearers were Michael Stovall , Ashton Taylor and Brian Morales . Interment followed in Beech Cemetery . In lieu of flowers , the family requests contributions to a Go Fund Me Account set up in James ' name . Austin & Bell Funeral Home is honored to have his services entrusted to us . Austin and Bell Funeral Home , Hendersonville . Obituary for Mickey Selph Marion `` Mickey '' Hodges Selph , age 74 of Cedar Hill , Tennessee , died Monday , August 3 , 2020 at Ahava Healthcare in Clarksville . Funeral services were held at Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View at 1 o ' clock pm on Friday , August 7th , with Bro . Don Dungan officiating . Burial followed in Resthaven Memorial Gardens in Clarksville with Jason Spain , Stephen Price , Jr. , Matthew Price , Justin Dorris , and Christopher Edwards serving as pallbearers . The family received friends at the funeral home from 10:00 AM until the hour of service at 1:00 PM on Friday . Mr. Selph was born on June 13 , 1946 , in Clarksville , Tennessee to the late Mitchell and Elizabeth Hodges Selph . He was a retired sheet metal journeyman . He was a U.S. Navy veteran -LRB- a Seabee -RRB- having served four tours in the Vietnam War where he was awarded the Vietnam Service Medal with two Bronze Stars and Fleet Marine Force Combat Insignia , National Defense Service Medal , Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal , and Navy Unit Commendation Ribbon and Citation . He was of the Baptist Faith . In addition to his parents , he is preceded in death by his brother , Dwight Selph . He is survived by his wife , Jean Selph ; his daughter , Chasity -LRB- Jason -RRB- Spain ; stepsons , Russ -LRB- Gayle -RRB- King , and Jerry King , Jr. ; three sisters ; grandchildren , Stephen -LRB- Brittany -RRB- Price Jr. , Matthew -LRB- Kelci -RRB- Price , Ashleigh Rolfe , and Austin Spain ; five great-grandchildren ; numerous step-grandchildren ; and several nieces and nephews . Austin & Bell Funeral Home in Pleasant View is in charge of these arrangements .", "url": "https://smokeybarn.com/in-loving-memory-obituaries-of-the-week-august-16-2020/", "text_category": null}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03527537005948853, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfZtnEX", "stitle": "Record breaking heat sizzles Las Vegas valley for consecutive days", "seg_title_stem": "record break heat sizzle Las Vegas valley for consecutive day", "seg_content": "LAS VEGAS -LRB- FOX5 -RRB- -- It was a weekend of record breaking temperature for the Las Vegas Valley . Saturday the valley recorded 113 degrees at McCarran International Airport . That mark beat the old record of 111 degrees set back in 1939 . In 2002 Las Vegas tied the record . Sunday the daytime high reached 113 degrees tying an 80-year-old record set in 1939 . Cooler weather is not in the forecast , at least for the remainder of the week . The National Weather Service issued an excessive heat warning lasting through Wednesday evening . Over the next three days , temperatures are expected to hover around 113 degrees . More records could be set or tied through the weekend with highs expected around 110 degrees .", "url": "https://www.fox5vegas.com/weather/record-breaking-heat-sizzles-las-vegas-valley-for-consecutive-days/article_460e8abe-e03b-11ea-8070-67028bc1f9c2.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment": 0.999101996421814}, "second_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment_Weather": 0.999101996421814}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8826377582796252, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex life': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfbU4bO", "stitle": "Kim Kardashian , Kanye West Divorce Rumors : Couple Allegedly Has Not Had Sex For 3 Years", "seg_title_stem": "Kim Kardashian , Kanye West Divorce Rumors : couple allegedly have not have sex for 3 year", "seg_content": "Kim Kardashian is , undeniably , one of the most sought-after stars of this generation . Aside from being a social media maven , the 39-year-old wife of Kanye West , also , starred in her family 's show titled Keeping Up with The Kardashians and became the face of numerous brands . Along with her popularity , Kim has , also , faced several malicious allegations and issues about her personal life . In fact , divorce rumors continue to hound her marriage with Kanye lately , pushing fans to wonder if the famous sister of Khloe and Kourtney will ever find happiness . In Touch Magazine , in its August 17 , 2020 issue , claimed that Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have been struggling for years . The reality star , previously , expressed how hard it is for her family to deal with a mentally ill adult . Most , if not all , fans are aware that the American rapper has mental health issues , and these are said to be taking a toll on their marriage already . `` Kim and Kanye 's sex life has been nonexistent -- they have n't had sex for three years . Kim 's known it was over for some time -- it 's the marriage from hell -- but she tried to hold it together for the sake of the kids , '' an unnamed source told In Touch Magazine . It added that North , 7 , is very much aware of what her parents are going through right now and , if things between her dad and mom exacerbate , she wants to live with her father . `` North knows that Mommy and Daddy are going through things and shocked Kim by proclaiming that she wants to be with Kanye in Wyoming , '' the unidentified insider stated , as per Life & Style . `` It absolutely broke Kim 's heart . But she 's trying to stay strong and not back out of the divorce , '' it went on . It even claimed that Kim Kardashian has not been getting any support from her sisters -- Khloe , Kourtney , Kendall , and Kylie Jenner -- since they want to be far away from the drama as much as possible . Kim , reportedly , loved the idea of her and Kanye being considered as a power couple . However , she , allegedly , realized that she just ca n't continue anymore . Both Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have yet to comment on these speculations . However , with In Touch Magazine 's history of fabricating stories based on the accounts of its unreliable sources , this could be another baseless report waiting to be debunked . So , avid followers of the couple should take these unverified claims lightly until everything is proven true and correct .", "url": "https://www.entertaintimes.com/articles/3361/20200817/kim-kardashian-kanye-west-divorce-rumors-couple-allegedly-sex-3-years.htm", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 1.0000100135803223, "ArtsEntertainment_TV": 0.9801613092422485}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 0.89458829164505}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01218866986694601, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfbw6R8", "stitle": "Protesters gather to raise awareness to child sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "protester gather to raise awareness to child sex trafficking", "seg_content": "AUGUSTA , Ga. -LRB- WRDW/WAGT -RRB- - Dozens of protesters met at the Augusta Common carrying signs and chanting in a march to end child exploitation on Sunday . Organizers say not enough people are aware of the problem , and are hoping to raise awareness . `` I think that 's a misconception . People think that it does n't happen right here . That is does n't happen in the US let alone Augusta , Georgia , because it does , '' said organizer April McFadden . The protest was put on in cooperation with Operation Underground Railroad , a non-profit aimed to rescue children who are sold into trafficking . McFadden says the organization has recently rescued their 4,000 th child . Organizers say they plan to hold more demonstrations in coming weeks , hoping to give a voice to victims and survivors .", "url": "https://www.wrdw.com/2020/08/17/protesters-gather-to-raise-awareness-to-child-sex-trafficking/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9705827832221985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Advocacy": 0.9705827832221985}, "third_cat": {"Society_Advocacy_Other": 0.9705827832221985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009052476605090383, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfe76iX", "stitle": "Remote check-in lets Las Vegas Strip hotel guests avoid lines , social distance", "seg_title_stem": "remote check-in let Las Vegas Strip hotel guest avoid line , social distance", "seg_content": "When Yolanda Nevarez visits Las Vegas , she walks right past the people lined up at the hotel check-in desk and heads straight to her room . A regular at MGM Resorts properties , she uses her phone to pull up the M Life smartphone app , where she can check in remotely . A virtual room key is delivered to her phone , which she waves in front of a reader on the door to let herself in . `` The fact that your phone is your key , I love that , '' said Nevarez , who is from San Antonio , Texas . `` When you 're going in and out of the room , you 're often in a hurry for whatever reason and a lot of people forget their key . My phone is always with me , '' she said . The mobile check-in option is n't new at many Strip resorts , but it is becoming more popular during the coronavirus pandemic as guests seek to avoid lines of people , a number of resort operators said . After shutting down for more that two months starting in mid-March to help curb the spread of the coronavirus , Strip resorts are now welcoming people back . Nevarez said she has used MGM 's mobile check-in option for the past couple of years and loves the convenience . `` I 've used it at Mandalay Bay , Luxor and Delano , '' she said . `` Any city that you travel to , the first thing you want to do is get to your room and unload your stuff . '' In the main lobby at Caesars Palace on Thursday morning , a steady stream of hotel guests used one of a dozen or so self-serve express kiosks to check into their rooms . The kiosks allow people to avoid lines at the check-in desk and get a physical key card . Using the kiosks cuts check-in time in about half , said Joshua Margolis , vice president of loyalty and digital products for Caesars Entertainment . `` Since reopening many of our Las Vegas resorts , we have experienced a significant increase in mobile check-in and kiosk usage , '' Margolis said . The Venetian and Palazzo introduced remote check-in last year and added the option for guests to get a virtual key on their smartphones in June . Guests do n't need to download an app but are directed to a special web landing page . They can also check in at a kiosk . Before the pandemic , mobile check-in was most popular with business travelers , said Jaime Miranda , vice president of hotel operations and luxury services for the Venetian . That 's since changed , she said . `` We 've seen a definite increase by our leisure guests since we reopened , '' Miranda said . `` In fact , interest in mobile check-in hit an all-time high last month when about one-third of our leisure guests used this option . '' The resort was already moving toward more contactless services before the pandemic , `` but suddenly the world has changed , '' Miranda said . Luxury hospitality is about `` providing service to each guest in their preferred manner , so it was only natural that we would evolve our service to offer safer contact and contactless solutions , '' she said . Virginia Valentine , president of the Nevada Resort Association , said contactless options for check-in and other casino services creates a safer environment and gives people more confidence about visiting Las Vegas . Valentine said she thinks the pandemic will likely spur even more innovation . `` I think the industry was already headed in the direction of some cashless systems in the gaming environment , '' she said . `` We do n't know how long we 'll be managing the virus , so I think we have to be committed to the long haul . I think technology will help us operate safely and continue to welcome guests back . ''", "url": "https://lasvegassun.com/news/2020/aug/17/remote-check-in-lets-las-vegas-strip-hotel-guests/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.9973068833351135}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Travel": 0.9973068833351135}, "third_cat": {"Lifestyle_Travel_Other": 0.9973068833351135}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.5292716396231251, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfe7Q2a", "stitle": "Immunotherapy extends survival in mouse model of hard-to-treat breast cancer -LRB- video -RRB-", "seg_title_stem": "immunotherapy extend survival in mouse model of hard-to-treat breast cancer -lrb- video -rrb-", "seg_content": "American Chemical Society WASHINGTON , Aug. 17 , 2020 -- Immunotherapies for cancer -- treatments that prime the immune system to attack tumors -- are valuable weapons in the anti-cancer arsenal . But some cancers are more difficult to target with this strategy than others . Today , scientists report a new type of immunotherapy that dramatically extends the survival of mice that have triple negative breast tumors , a difficult-to-treat form of cancer . The researchers will present their results at the American Chemical Society -LRB- ACS -RRB- Fall 2020 Virtual Meeting & Expo . ACS is holding the meeting through Thursday . It features more than 6,000 presentations on a wide range of science topics . A brand-new video on the research is available at http://www.acs.org/fall2020-breast-cancer . `` From an immunotherapy standpoint , one of the biggest problems with triple negative breast cancer is that it does n't produce any known antigens , or molecules recognized by the immune system , that are unique to the tumor , '' says Cassandra Callmann , Ph.D. , who is presenting the work . `` If you do n't have a known tumor-specific antigen , it 's hard to train your immune system to go after the tumor while ignoring healthy cells . '' According to the Triple Negative Breast Cancer Foundation , this disease accounts for 15-20 % of all breast cancers . The tumor gets its name from the fact that it tests negative for the estrogen receptor , the progesterone receptor and excess HER2 protein -- three proteins commonly produced in large amounts by other types of breast cancer . Because triple negative breast cancer lacks these markers , many commonly used breast cancer drugs are n't effective . This is one reason triple negative breast cancer has a poorer prognosis than other forms of the disease , according to the American Cancer Society . To develop a new type of treatment , Callmann , a postdoctoral fellow in the lab of Chad Mirkin , Ph.D. , at Northwestern University , needed to take a different approach from conventional immunotherapies that target a tumor-specific antigen . `` The idea was to take tumor cells , chop them up , feed them to the immune system and let it figure out what to go after on its own , '' Callmann says . Other researchers have tried this approach for different cancers , but they typically administer both the chopped-up tumor cells -LRB- called a lysate -RRB- and a molecule that stimulates the immune system , known as an adjuvant , as a mixture . Instead , the team packaged the lysate and the adjuvant together in a single nanoparticle . The nanoparticle , called a spherical nucleic acid -LRB- SNA -RRB- , contained the lysate inside its core and many copies of a DNA adjuvant radiating from its lipid membrane shell . When the team injected SNAs under the skin of mice , the SNAs traveled to the lymph nodes . There , SNAs entered the cells , released their cargo and stimulated the cells to mount an immune response against antigens in the lysate . Interestingly , a stronger immune response occurred when the researchers incorporated oxidized tumor cell lysates from stressed tumor cells into SNAs . The researchers tested the treatment on mice in which mouse triple negative breast cancer tumors were implanted . Two-thirds of mice receiving SNAs with oxidized lysates experienced complete tumor remission for at least 90 days , whereas all untreated animals died by day 30 . None of the treated mice had obvious side effects or autoimmune responses . The therapy is not yet ready for clinical trials , Callmann says . One of the next steps will be to investigate why the oxidized lysates work better than regular lysates . The team has begun to identify subsets of the lysates that are more immunogenic than others . She notes that a stressed cell could be producing different proteins , or perhaps the oxidizing agent is changing chemical groups on proteins . To get a clearer picture , Callmann plans to conduct a proteomic analysis to identify proteins that differ between oxidized and non-oxidized lysates . The oxidized lysate/SNA approach might prove useful for treating other tumors , as well . `` We have demonstrated that the overall structural presentation of a cancer vaccine or immunotherapeutic , as opposed to simply the identity of the active chemical components , dictates its potency , and this finding is opening doors in the field , '' Mirkin says . ### A press conference on this topic will be held Monday , Aug. 17 , at 10 a.m. Eastern time online at http://www.acs.org/fall2020pressconferences . The researchers acknowledge funding from the Lefkofsky Family Foundation , the American Committee for the Weizmann Institute of Science , the International Institute for Nanotechnology at Northwestern University and the National Cancer Institute . The American Chemical Society -LRB- ACS -RRB- is a nonprofit organization chartered by the U.S. Congress . ACS ' mission is to advance the broader chemistry enterprise and its practitioners for the benefit of Earth and its people . The Society is a global leader in providing access to chemistry-related information and research through its multiple research solutions , peer-reviewed journals , scientific conferences , eBooks and weekly news periodical Chemical & Engineering News . ACS journals are among the most cited , most trusted and most read within the scientific literature ; however , ACS itself does not conduct chemical research . As a specialist in scientific information solutions -LRB- including SciFinder ® and STN ® -RRB- , its CAS division powers global research , discovery and innovation . ACS ' main offices are in Washington , D.C. , and Columbus , Ohio . To automatically receive press releases from the American Chemical Society , contact newsroom@acs.org . Note to journalists : Please report that this research was presented at a meeting of the American Chemical Society . Follow us : Twitter | Facebook Title Design of spherical nucleic acids as vaccines against triple negative breast cancer Abstract Herein , we describe the synthesis and development of nanoscale vaccines against triple negative breast cancer -LRB- TNBC -RRB- , using spherical nucleic acids -LRB- SNAs -RRB- that carry oligonucleotide Toll-like receptor 9 -LRB- TLR9 -RRB- agonists as adjuvants on their shell and contain tumor cell lysates as antigens in their core . These lysate-loaded SNAs demonstrate high encapsulation efficiency , rapid cellular uptake , and enhanced immunostimulation relative to simple mixtures of adjuvant and antigen . Further , oxidation of the lysates prior to incorporation into the vaccine significantly enhances their potency as antigens , resulting in dramatic differences both in vitro and in vivo . In xenograft mouse models of TNBC , SNAs that encapsulate oxidized lysates show remarkable antitumor efficacy and significantly extend overall survival , relative to SNAs prepared with non-oxidized lysates and simple mixtures of oxidized lysates with adjuvant DNA . This work provides critical insight on the design of biomaterials as cancer vaccines ; namely , how incorporation of lysates into nanomaterials improves overall vaccine function , and how the preparation of antigens affects their observed immunogenicity . Disclaimer : AAAS and EurekAlert ! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert ! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system .", "url": "https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2020-08/acs-ies072320.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 1.0000098943710327, "Health": 1.0000072717666626}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000072717666626}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15341561158791198, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfeH935", "stitle": "Russell Crowe 's bizarre promotional videos for new film Unhinged dubbed ` sexy ' and ` terrifying '", "seg_title_stem": "Russell Crowe 's bizarre promotional video for new film unhinged dub ` sexy ' and ` terrifying '", "seg_content": "Russell Crowe has been praised for a series of bizarre promotional videos for his new film Unhinged , with viewers calling them both `` sexy '' and `` terrifying '' . In Unhinged , Crowe plays a disturbed driver who harasses a single mother following an incident of road rage . To promote the film as it prepares for its US release , Crowe has unveiled promotional videos in which he appears to remain in character , while mocking an iconic scene from his 2000 film Gladiator . In one trailer , Crowe holds aloft the mask he wore in the film , and satirises his iconic `` My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius ... '' speech . Crowe says : `` My name ... is incidental , pointless , of no concern . I am a figment of your nightmares . I am from a reference point deep inside your hidden list of fears . I am rage , past the point of reason . I am unhinged . '' In another , he recites a sweary monologue . `` They say there is a catalyst at the heart of the cinema experience , a social contract , a binding dynamic power that lifts the cinematic experience into a realm of intimate connection between the audience and the screen , and the stars in the heavens beyond . ` They say , ` Who are they ? Some conceited , pretentious f *** wads who try to p *** in your pocket and tell you it 's raining . ' Well , f *** that s *** . I have a movie coming out . It 's called Unhinged . I 'm not f *** ing with you . It 's going to be in cinemas . Off you go . '' The videos went viral courtesy of Shaun of the Dead director Edgar Wright , who called on Crowe to promote every new film in such a fashion . `` On the basis of this trailer for @unhingedmovie , it 's very clear that @russellcrowe should do the marketing for ALL MOVIES going forward . Even Disney Plus ones , '' Wright tweeted . Others joined Wright in praising the videos . `` Bloody hell Russell Crowe is still terrifying , '' read one tweet . Another declared : `` How does he make less than one minute so unbelievably serious , philosophical , suspenseful , sexy , and funny ? He hardly takes a breath and I ca n't breathe for at least a moment after ... '' In her review of Unhinged , The Independent 's film critic Clarisse Loughrey called Crowe 's performance `` surprising and astonishing '' . She also dubbed the film itself `` tense , slick and ludicrous '' .", "url": "https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/russell-crowe-unhinged-trailer-promotional-video-gladiator-speech-a9673671.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Movies": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11636272791351333, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'prostate': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfeSH3z", "stitle": "Strength of immune selection in tumors varies with sex and age", "seg_title_stem": "strength of immune selection in tumor vary with sex and age", "seg_content": "Abstract Individual MHC genotype constrains the mutational landscape during tumorigenesis . Immune checkpoint inhibition reactivates immunity against tumors that escaped immune surveillance in approximately 30 % of cases . Recent studies demonstrated poorer response rates in female and younger patients . Although immune responses differ with sex and age , the role of MHC-based immune selection in this context is unknown . We find that tumors in younger and female individuals accumulate more poorly presented driver mutations than those in older and male patients , despite no differences in MHC genotype . Younger patients show the strongest effects of MHC-based driver mutation selection , with younger females showing compounded effects and nearly twice as much MHC-II based selection . This study presents evidence that strength of immune selection during tumor development varies with sex and age , and may influence the availability of mutant peptides capable of driving effective response to immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy . Introduction The major histocompatibility complex -LRB- MHC -RRB- exposes protein content on the cell surface to allow detection of antigens by the immune system . This applies to nonself antigens such as viral proteins , and self-proteins that include tumor antigens . Tumor cells harbor oncogenic alterations that can be presented to the immune system by the MHC , causing immune recognition and elimination -LRB- immune surveillance -RRB- 1 . However , in order to grow , invade , and spread , tumors must evade immune surveillance . Common mechanisms of immune evasion include loss of the MHC molecules and the upregulation of immune checkpoint molecules on cell surfaces that normally regulate the amplitude and duration of a T-cell response2 . Immune checkpoint blockade -LRB- ICB -RRB- uses antibodies to block these immune checkpoint molecules , and can invigorate inactive and/or exhausted T cells to produce antitumor effects that confer long-term survival benefits in certain types of cancer3 . However , ICB is effective in only 10 -- 40 % of patients for reasons that remain unclear . Meta-analyses of clinical trials in multiple cancer types treated with ICB suggest that young and female patients are characterized by low response rates4 ,5,6,7,8 . The reason -LRB- s -RRB- for the poor response of these two populations remains elusive . An accumulating body of literature points to sexual dimorphism in immune responses9 . Moderated by genetic and hormonal factors , females have twice the antibody response to influenza vaccines10 and higher CD4 + T-cell counts than males11 . Moreover , females are far more susceptible to autoimmune diseases12 , demonstrating a stark imbalance in the way the immune response causes diseases in the two sexes . Immunosequencing of over 800 individuals revealed sex associated differences in the extent to which HLA molecules propagate selection and expansion of CD8 + T cells13 . Interestingly , a stronger immune response in females has been observed across several species14 ,15,16 , and sexual dimorphism has been demonstrated in immune selection and restriction of intratumor genetic heterogeneity in a mouse model of B-cell lymphoma17 . In addition , a recent study has found sex-based differences in molecular biomarkers and immune checkpoint expression in multiple tumor types treated with ICB8 . Altogether , these studies suggest that these differences are sex-specific and not lifestyle dependent . Studies have demonstrated age-related changes in immune response as well . As humans age , there is a decrease of general immune function including production of IL-2 , a pivotal growth factor for T cells18 . Reduced thymic output , lower numbers of naive T cells , and overall reshaping of the size and specificity of the T-cell repertoire by microbial pathogens may explain why , for example , about 90 % of excess deaths during flu season occur in patients greater than 65 years of age19 . In addition , elderly people have reduced phagocytic function and HLA-II expression on antigen presenting cells20 . Collectively , these factors render elderly individuals less able to mount a T-cell response to new antigens and respond to vaccination . Recently , we developed the Patient Harmonic-mean Best Rank -LRB- PHBR -RRB- score that quantifies patients ' ability to present somatic mutations in their tumor by their specific MHC-I and MHC-II haplotypes21 ,22 . PHBR-I and PHBR-II scores aggregate predicted peptide-MHC molecule binding affinities from established tools23 ,24 to produce a mass spectrometry-validated , residue-centric , and patient-specific presentation score that captures a mutant peptide 's visibility to the immune system . In previous publications we used PHBR scores to assess the role of MHC genotype in shaping mutation accumulation during tumorigenesis21 ,22 . We found that patients tend to accumulate driver mutations that can not be effectively presented by their own MHC molecules , likely a consequence of immune-based elimination of tumor cells harboring well-presented driver mutations , a selective process referred to as immunoediting25 . This analysis revealed that thyroid carcinoma and low-grade glioma patients experience the highest MHC-based selective pressure on driver mutations21 ,22 . Interestingly , these tumor types also had the youngest average age at diagnosis compared to all studied tumor types . In light of these observations , we reasoned that younger and female patients may experience stronger immunoediting early in their tumor history , accumulating mutations that are less favorably presented by their MHC , i.e. , mutations more invisible to their immune system , at the time of diagnosis . Predictably , a depletion of potentially immunogenic mutant peptides would cause ICB to be ineffective . At first approximation we ruled out an effect due to sex-specific -LRB- MHC-I Pearson R = 0.99 , MHC-II Pearson R = 0.99 -RRB- or age-specific -LRB- MHC-I Pearson R = 0.98 , MHC-II Pearson R = 0.99 -RRB- imbalances in MHC genotype frequencies . Therefore , we sought to test the hypothesis that sex - and age-specific differences in driver mutation presentation are the result of differential immunoediting . In this study we find that female and younger patients exhibit stronger immune selection in their tumors , measured by the affinity of their observed , expressed driver mutations compared to male and older patients . MHC-II appears to have a stronger effect compared to MHC-I . Our findings , based on TCGA samples , are validated in an independent validation cohort . Results Fewer presentable drivers in female and younger patients We focused on a set of 1018 driver mutations , defined in21 , as driver mutations are more prevalent in the clonal architecture of an individual 's cancer and confer a selective growth advantage . We assigned MHC-I and MHC-II types using PolySolver and HLA-HD , two exome-based calling methods26 ,27 and considered only microsatellite-stable TCGA tumors . After excluding 515 patients from class I and 1064 patients from class II analyses due to HLA genotype incompatibility with NetMHCpan affinity prediction software , 9913 patients with MHC-I calls and 7174 patients with MHC-II calls remained . These patients were diverse in sex , with more males than females -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 1A -RRB- , and a broad distribution of age at diagnosis -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 1B -RRB- . PHBR-I and - II scores were calculated for all patients across the 1018 driver events by taking the harmonic mean of each allele 's best NetMHCpan percentile rank affinity score , providing an estimate of each patient 's potential to present each mutation via MHC-I and MHC-II , respectively . Importantly , the PHBR-I and PHBR-II scores aggregate percentile rank scores of mutated peptides relative to large numbers of random peptide provided by NetMHCpan-4 .0 and NetMHCIIpan3 .2 . For single peptide-HLA pairs , percentile rank scores of 0.5 % and 2 % for MHC-I and 2 % and 10 % for MHC-II have been used to represent strong and weak binding cutoffs respectively28 ,29 . To rule out other covariates , we performed a series of control analyses . We categorized patients into subgroups according to sex -LRB- male versus female -RRB- and age -LRB- younger versus older based on pan-cancer 30th and 70th percentiles at age of diagnosis for categorical analyses -RRB- . For sex-specific analyses , we further excluded seven sex-specific tumor types -LRB- breast , cervical , ovarian , uterine , prostate , and testicular cancer -RRB- . First , we established that there were similar average numbers of driver mutations across sex and age patient groups -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 2 -RRB- . We previously found that TCGA patients with somatic MHC-I mutations had altered mutational landscapes , with a higher fraction of binding mutant peptides than patients without MHC-I mutations30 . To ensure that somatic MHC-I mutations would not skew the driver mutation PHBR-I score distributions , we compared scores for patients with and without MHC-I mutations grouped by sex and age and found no significant differences -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 3 -RRB- . We then compared the distributions of patient PHBR-I and PHBR-II scores across the 1018 driver mutations -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 4A -- D -RRB- and found significant p values , but very small effect sizes between groups . To ensure that the potential to present driver mutations was consistent across sex and age , we compared the fraction of presented drivers at various score thresholds , and found no significant differences -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 4E , F -RRB- . The overall similarity of MHC presentation suggests that patients of both sexes and various ages at diagnosis present driver mutations with roughly equivalent efficacy , implying that specificity of MHC presentation resulting from specific allele combinations is not a mechanism causing differences in ICB response rate . We therefore reasoned that the discrepancy might be due to differences in the strength of immune selection , e.g. , tumors with stronger immunoediting should retain fewer driver mutations that are presentable to T cells by the patient 's own MHC molecules . For sex - and age-specific groups in each cohort , we compared the PHBR-I and PHBR-II score distributions for observed , RNA-expressed driver mutations observed in patient tumors , excluding 4782 patients with no drivers from the list of 1018 . While the number of observed drivers was not significantly different between sex and age groups -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 2 -RRB- , younger female patients were overrepresented in the group with no observed driver mutations -LRB- Fisher 's exact test : class I : OR = 1.12 , p < 0.12 ; class II : OR = 1.28 , p < 0.015 -RRB- . We note this group had an overrepresentation of thyroid cancer cases , a disease associated with low mutational burden and that typically only has a single driver mutation31 . We therefore performed sex-specific analysis for unique 2900 patients and age-specific analysis for 3928 unique patients . Across pan-cancer cohorts , females were at a significant disadvantage -LRB- higher PHBR scores -RRB- in presenting their driver mutations by both their MHC-I and MHC-II molecules -LRB- Fig. 1a , b , p < 2.6 e − 04 and p < 1.2 e − 07 , respectively -RRB- . Younger patients also tended to have worse presentation of driver mutations by both MHC-I and MHC-II molecules -LRB- Fig. 1c , d , p < 2.4 e − 5 and p < 7.3 e − 04 , respectively -RRB- . Notably , the shift in PHBR score distributions between groups occurs near the threshold for weak binding . Given that a limited number of somatic mutations generate mutant peptides and not all of these are immunogenic , this small shift may translate to significantly less opportunity to generate a host antitumor response upon ICB . Importantly , we found that these observed between-group differences in PHBR scores were far greater -LRB- falling outside the 99 % confidence interval -RRB- than differences when we randomly reassigned mutations across patients and recalculated patient-specific PHBR scores -LRB- Methods ; Supplementary Fig. 5 -RRB- , and were an order of magnitude greater than the effect sizes observed when comparing score distributions independent of mutation occurrence -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S4 -RRB- . We also found differences in affinity independent of the PHBR score , using median NetMHCpan affinity scores across all alleles -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 6 -RRB- . Altogether this suggests that score differences do indeed result from the interaction of inherited MHC genotype with the observed mutations . Interestingly , the mutation-specific fraction of RNA reads mapping to these driver mutations was significantly lower for females and younger patients -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 7 -RRB- , further supporting sex - and age-based differential strength in immune selection . We next examined evidence for sex and age differences in specific tumor types , adjusting age thresholds according to tumor type . There was a general trend for female and younger patients ' tumors to have higher median PHBR-I and II scores across tumor types , although the difference was only statistically significant in melanoma -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 8A -RRB- . We observed more variability in the trends across tumor types by age . Younger individuals trended toward higher median PHBR-I and II scores in tumors where the 30th/70th percentile was associated with a large age gap and the younger age threshold was under 55 , with some notable exceptions that included rectal cancer , thyroid cancer , stomach cancer , and liver -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 8B -RRB- . Overall these trends suggest that stronger pan-cancer immune selection in younger and female patients results broadly from effects observed across multiple tumor types . Next , we explored the effect of age and sex in the context of the immune system 's ability to eliminate effectively-presented mutations by modeling the relationship between mutation occurrence and immune visibility as modeled by PHBR-I and II scores . We constructed sex - and age-specific generalized additive models with random effects to account for variation in mutation rate across individuals , and examined the coefficients corresponding to independent and interaction effects for PHBR-I , PHBR-II , and sex or age to assess their contribution to immune selection for expressed mutations observed ≥ 2 times in the cohort , excluding patients with no observed , expressed driver mutations . To control for the fact that some driver mutations occurred in the same tumor , and thus are not completely independent events , we included patient ID as a random effect in our linear model . In both models , we found that PHBR-I and PHBR-II scores alone had significant effects on the probability of a mutation to be a target of immune selection -LRB- Table 1 -RRB- . Positive coefficients for both PHBR scores indicate that the higher the PHBR score -LRB- i.e. , poorer presentation -RRB- , the higher the probability of mutation . Furthermore , when we quantified the influence of both scores on probability of mutation using odds ratios between respective 25th and 75th percentiles , we found that PHBR-II -LRB- OR : 3.4 , CI -LSB- 3.19 , 3.6 -RSB- -RRB- has a much larger impact on probability of mutation than PHBR-I -LRB- OR : 1.27 , CI -LSB- 1.26 , 1.29 -RSB- -RRB- , echoing the larger effect sizes seen in Fig. 1 . As expected , sex and age alone did not influence the probability of mutation ; however , of particular interest are the interaction terms that indicate the influence of PHBR scores on probability of mutation within the context of sex and age . Both the PHBR-I : sex and PHBR-I : age interactions as well as the PHBR-II : sex and PHBR-II : age interactions were significant . The negative PHBR : age estimates indicate stronger effects of PHBR-I as well as PHBR-II contribution to the probability of mutation in younger patients . On the other hand , positive PHBR : sex estimates indicate stronger effects of PHBR-I and PHBR-II contributing to probability of mutation in females according to the model formulation -LRB- Methods -RRB- . Collectively , these results suggest stronger immune selection in females and younger patients . Table 1 Quantitative estimate of the association between PHBR score and mutation occurrence in sex - and age-specific cohorts . Full size table As females and younger patients both demonstrated stronger immune selection compared to males and older patients , we further partitioned the cohorts simultaneously by sex and age , and investigated the distribution of PHBR-I and - II scores for these groups . We found that sex and age effects are cumulative , with tumors in younger females exhibiting significantly higher selective pressure by MHC than those in the other three groups -LRB- Fig. 2 -RRB- . We noticed a profound difference between PHBR score distributions between younger females and older males . Because younger males had worse presentation of their driver mutations compared to older females -LRB- Fig. 2 -RRB- , we sought to ensure that sex had an effect on immune selection independent of age . In two models incorporating sex , age , and PHBR-I and PHBR-II scores , respectively , both PHBR : sex and PHBR : age were independently significant for both class I and class II -LRB- Supplementary Table 1 -RRB- . These results demonstrate that more aggressive immune selection in younger females selects for tumors with driver mutations that are less visible to the immune system . Mutational signatures do not explain differential selection We next explored whether sex - and age-specific effects could be driven by differences in environmental exposure rather than the strength of immune selection . Mutational signatures assign specific mutations to different mutagenic processes , allowing the exploration of differences in environmental exposure across sex and age . We compared the sex-specific occurrence of mutational signatures in each tumor type and found only a minority of instances where signature strength was weakly but significantly associated with sex -LRB- Fig. 3a -RRB- . Importantly , only three of the signatures -LRB- 01 , 02 , and 05 -RRB- where we observed significant sex-specific differences contribute to the set of driver mutations used for this analysis -LRB- Fig. 3b -RRB- . Since signatures 01 and 05 are endogenous rather than exposure associated signatures , this suggests a very low impact of environmental exposures on sex-specific effects of immune selection on drivers . Furthermore , when we excluded the tumor types with significant signature differences -LRB- glioblastoma multiforme , GBM and liver hepatocellular carcinoma , LIHC -RRB- , we still observed sex - and age-related differences -LRB- Supplementary Table 2 -RRB- . In addition , only two signatures correlated with age , both of which have known association with aging32 . We examined C > T and T > C mutations , which are hallmarks of signature 01 and 05 , respectively , and found that observed driver mutations in these categories were broadly distributed across age at diagnosis . To explain weaker immune selection in older individuals , age-related mutations would have to be better presented -LRB- have lower PHBR scores -RRB- than other mutations . Instead , we found that C > T and T > C mutations were significantly more poorly presented -LRB- had slightly higher PHBR scores -RRB- than other mutations across all possible MHC-I and MHC-II alleles , suggesting that these mutations , and by extension , signatures 01 and 05 , could not drive the apparent age-associated difference in immune selection -LRB- Fig. 3c -RRB- . Thus , we conclude that the sex - and age-specific effects on immune selection are not likely due to environmental exposure differences32 ,33 . Validation in an independent non-TCGA cohort We sought validation of our findings in a cohort of 342 patients -LRB- 309 with compatible MHC-I type calls and 277 with MHC-II type calls -RRB- compiled from published dbGaP studies and non-TCGA samples in the International Cancer Genome Consortium -LRB- ICGC -RRB- database34 and filtered to exclude tumor types not represented in TCGA . While fewer tumor types were represented relative to the discovery cohort , these patients were diverse with respect to sex and age at diagnosis , with slightly more males than females , and similar average numbers of driver mutations . As in the discovery cohort , we found some significant differences in patient PHBR score distributions across the 1018 driver mutations , also with very small effect sizes between groups . Likewise , there was no difference in the fraction of presented drivers at various score thresholds -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 9 -RRB- . The majority of our validation cohort did not have expression data , so we predicted RNA expression using a logistic regression classifier trained on the TCGA cohort -LRB- Methods -RRB- . We found , as in the discovery cohort , that effectively-presented driver mutations were significantly depleted in younger and female patients compared to older and male patients -LRB- Fig. 4a -- d -RRB- . These differences were an order of magnitude greater than the effect sizes observed when comparing score distributions independent of mutation occurrence -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S9E -- H -RRB- . When we examined the simultaneous effects of sex and age -LRB- Fig. 4e , f -RRB- , younger females once again had significantly worse presentation of their driver mutations than older males across both MHC-I and MHC-II -LRB- p < 0.001 , p < 0.007 -RRB- . We repeated the sex - and age-specific analyses using the generalized additive models and found that , for both sex and age , PHBR-II scores alone significantly influenced the probability of mutation , with higher PHBR scores -LRB- i.e. , worse presentation -RRB- leading to higher probability of mutation -LRB- Supplementary Table 3 -RRB- . While PHBR-II : sex and PHBR-II : age coefficients trended in the same direction , with stronger effects in females and younger patients , they did not reach significance , likely due to sample size . Discussion Here , we present evidence that both sex and age impact the driver mutations that arise and persist during tumorigenesis . We found that younger and female patients accumulate driver mutations in their tumors that are less readily presented by their MHC molecules -LRB- Fig. 5 -RRB- , suggesting a stronger toll by immune selection early in tumorigenesis . This finding is consistent with recent meta-analyses across multiple tumors showing sex - and age-dependent differences in response to ICB4 ,5,6,7 . We also observed the strongest effects in MHC-II based selection , in agreement with the fact that females have higher CD4 + T-cell counts than males35 . A prevalent role of MHC-II driven immune selection can be explained by the fact that CD4 + T cells , besides direct effector function comparable to that of CD8 + T cells , also play a deep-rooted regulatory role in cooperating with CD8 + T cells via associative recognition of antigen36 ,37 . Their function in orchestrating T-cell immunity , in general terms , makes them privileged actors , hence targets of immune selection as revealed herein . In older individuals , immune selection effects by MHC-II presentation of driver mutations are mitigated by a reduced CD4 + / CD8 + ratio38 and greater telomere attrition in CD4 + T cells than in CD8 + T cells39 leading to accelerated senescence . Taken together , the evidence suggests that tumors developing in younger and female patients are prone to stronger immunoediting than those in older and male patients . Our findings based on the TCGA were reproduced in the smaller validation cohort where we once again observed poorer MHC-based presentation of driver mutations in females versus males and younger versus older patients , with presentation being worse in younger and female patients . When modeling the influence of MHC genotype on the probability of observing driver mutations , the estimated effect sizes are modest , although relatively large compared to effects detected by genome wide association studies where odds ratios are often < 1.240 . Several sources of uncertainty , including errors in patient genotyping , prediction of the peptide-HLA binding affinities used to calculate the PHBR score , and errors in somatic mutation calling could obscure the true effects21 . More accurate estimates will likely require larger sample sizes , and ideally availability of expression data as non-expressed mutations should not reflect the effects of immune selection . In this analysis , we focused on a set of recurrent missense and indel mutations in established driver genes developed in our previous work . This is motivated by the assumption that these are more likely to occur early during tumorigenesis , and may thus provide a view of immune selection before various mechanisms of immune evasion occur22 . However it is unlikely that immune selection operates differently on different categories of mutation , and nondriver mutation-derived neoantigens should be equally capable of triggering a T-cell response . Whether tumor cells can evade T-cell responses more easily when they are targeted against nonessential nondriver mutations remains an important question . It has been suggested that ICB responses are most effective when a clonal driver neoantigen is present41 . While we did not observe large sex or age bias in the mutational signatures associated with the 1018 driver mutations , we speculate that it is possible nondriver mutations could show differences in their potential to serve as neoantigens if the underlying mutational processes are active at different times or are biased to generate mutations in expressed protein coding sequences with characteristics that bias their presentation . Notwithstanding some limitations , our analysis provides a compelling case for the paradigm that immune selection exerts its toll differently with respect to sex and age , with a greater effect in younger females . Of note , the younger female cohort had the poorest driver mutation presentation across both the discovery and validation cohorts , suggesting that these effects are strong and complementary . Although our analysis suggests that younger age is associated with stronger antitumor immune responses , we strongly suggest caution in considering whether this trend could generalize to pediatric tumors . The genomic landscape of pediatric tumors is distinct from that of adulthood tumors , with lower mutation burdens , different driver events and more germline factors and the characteristics of the pediatric immune system differ greatly from those of an adult42 . Furthermore , we are unable to control for other sex - and age-related factors beyond predicted MHC presentation of driver mutation-derived peptides . These possibilities may include -LRB- a -RRB- differences in the antigen processing machinery preceding surface exposure of MHC-peptide complexes , and -LRB- b -RRB- genetic and epigenetic factors causing preferential mutation accumulation in the cohorts for reasons other than immunoediting . In conclusion , this study indicates that immune selection exerts its toll differently with respect to sex and age , with a greater effect in younger females . As such , the response rate to ICB may be dependent on the strength of immune selection occurring early in tumorigenesis . Methods to accurately predict the impact of immunoediting on a patient-specific basis may lead to better predictive algorithms for response to therapy . As a corollary , we posit that ICB treatment is likely to have a reduced effect in younger female patients since this treatment will attempt to reactivate T cells for immunologically invisible neoantigens . Rather , adaptive T-cell therapy against patient-validated neoantigens or therapeutic vaccination against conserved antigens will likely be more beneficial in these patients . Notably prior to treatment with ICB , male sex -LRB- and less consistently older age -RRB- are associated with higher risk of recurrence and death in melanoma and may stand to benefit more from ICB43 ,44 , thus it is also possible that overall stronger immune surveillance could prove advantageous in the context of ICB despite differences in the quality of neoantigens . Finally , these findings shed light on the role of immune surveillance in cancer progression . Methods HLA typing HLA genotyping was performed for class I genes HLA-A , HLA-B , HLA-C , and class II genes HLA-DRB1 , HLA-DPA1 , HLA-DPB1 , HLA-DQA1 , and HLA-DQB1 , which encode three protein determinants of MHC-I peptide binding specificity , HLA-DR , HLA-DP , and HLA-DQ . TCGA samples were typed with Polysolver26 , with default parameters , for class I and typed with HLA-HD27 , using default parameters , for class II . Both tools require germline -LRB- whole blood or tissue matched -RRB- whole exome sequenced samples . Samples with very low coverage on specific genes are left untyped by HLA-HD . Patients were assigned an HLA-DR type if they were successfully typed for HLA-DRB1 . Patients were assigned HLA-DP and - DQ types if they had successful typing for HLA-DPA1 / HLA-DPB1 and HLA-DQA1 / HLA-DQB1 , respectively . Class I and class II types were validated by xHLA45 , run with default parameters , and only patients where all alleles agreed in both classes were included in the analysis . Presentation score assignment We used patient presentation scores , as defined in21 , to represent a particular patient 's ability to present a residue given their distinct set of HLA types . For class I , 6 HLA alleles were considered -LRB- HLA-A , HLA-B , and HLA-C -RRB- . For class II , 12 HLA-encoded MHC-II molecules -LRB- 4 combinations of HLA-DPA1 / DPB1 and HLA-DQA1 / DQB1 ; 2 alleles of HLA-DRB1 considered twice each -- since HLA-DRA1 is invariant -- for consistency between resulting molecules -RRB- . NetMHCpan4 .028 and NetMHCIIpan3 .229 were used to calculate binding affinities . The PHBR score was assigned as the harmonic mean of the best residue presentation scores for each group of MHC-I and MHC-II molecules . A lower patient presentation score indicates that the patient 's MHC molecules are more likely to present a residue on the cell surface . Set of driver mutations Somatic mutations were considered to be recurrent and oncogenic if they occurred in one of the 100 most highly ranked oncogenes or tumor suppressors described by Davoli et al. 46 and were observed in at least three TCGA samples . Among these , we retained only mutations that would result in predictable protein sequence changes that could generate neoantigens , including missense mutations and inframe indels . A total of 1018 mutations -LRB- 512 missense mutations from oncogenes , 488 missense mutations from tumor suppressors , 11 indels from oncogenes and 7 indels from tumor suppressors -RRB- were obtained21 . Modeling the effects of PHBR score on mutation probability We built two matrices , for PHBR-I scores and PHBR-II scores , from the 1018 mutations and the 1912 patients with both PHBR-I and - II calls . Next , we built a binary mutation matrix yij ∈ -LCB- 0,1 -RCB- indicating whether patient i has a specific mutation j . We evaluated the relationship between this binary matrix , the matched 1912 × 1018 matrices with log PHBR-I and - II scores , x1ij and x2ij , respectively , and the variable of interest -LRB- sex or age -RRB- for patient i and mutation j . We fit a generalized additive model for the centered log PHBR-I , centered log PHBR-II scores , centered sex -LRB- coded 0/1 for males/females -RRB- or centered age , and mutation probability with the GAM function in the MGCV R package47 . To estimate the effects of PHBR and sex or age on probability of mutation , we considered the following random effects models : $ $ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Logit -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- P -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- y -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , =\\ , 1 -RCB- \\ right -RRB- -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ , = \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 1 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- x1 -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 2 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- x2 -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 3 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Sex -RCB- -RCB- _ i \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ 4 \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- x -RCB- -RCB- 1 _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , \\ times \\ , -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Sex -RCB- -RCB- _ i -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ \\ \\ quad \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 5 -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- x -RCB- -RCB- 2 _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , \\ times \\ , -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Sex -RCB- -RCB- _ i -RCB- \\ right -RRB- + -LCB- \\ upeta -RCB- _ i , $ $ -LRB- 1 -RRB- $ $ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Logit -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- P -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- y -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , =\\ , 1 -RCB- \\ right -RRB- -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ , =\\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 1 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- x1 -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 2 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- x2 -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 3 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Age -RCB- -RCB- _ i \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ 4 \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- x -RCB- -RCB- 1 _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , \\ times \\ , -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Age -RCB- -RCB- _ i -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ \\ \\ , \\ quad + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 5 -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- x -RCB- -RCB- 2 _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , \\ times \\ , -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Age -RCB- -RCB- _ i -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upeta -RCB- _ i. $ $ -LRB- 2 -RRB- And PHBR-I and PHBR-II specific models -LRB- results in Supplementary Table 1 -RRB- : $ $ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Logit -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- P -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- y -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , =\\ , 1 -RCB- \\ right -RRB- -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ , =\\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 1 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- x1 -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 2 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Age -RCB- -RCB- _ i \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 3 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Sex -RCB- -RCB- _ i \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ 4 \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- x -RCB- -RCB- 1 _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , \\ times \\ , -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Sex -RCB- -RCB- _ i -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ \\ \\ , \\ quad + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 5 -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- x -RCB- -RCB- 1 _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , \\ times \\ , -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Age -RCB- -RCB- _ i -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upeta -RCB- _ i , $ $ -LRB- 3 -RRB- $ $ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Logit -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- P -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- y -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , =\\ , 1 -RCB- \\ right -RRB- -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ , =\\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 1 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- -LCB- x2 -RCB- -RCB- _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 2 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Age -RCB- -RCB- _ i \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 3 -RCB- -RCB- -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Sex -RCB- -RCB- _ i \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ 4 \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- x -RCB- -RCB- 2 _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , \\ times \\ , -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Sex -RCB- -RCB- _ i -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ \\ \\ , \\ quad + \\ , -LCB- \\ upbeta -RCB- _ -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- 5 -RCB- -RCB- \\ left -LRB- -LCB- -LCB- -LCB- x -RCB- -RCB- 2 _ -LCB- ij -RCB- \\ , \\ times \\ , -LCB- \\ mathrm -LCB- Age -RCB- -RCB- _ i -RCB- \\ right -RRB- \\ , + \\ , -LCB- \\ upeta -RCB- _ i. $ $ -LRB- 4 -RRB- where ηi ~ N -LRB- 0 , θη -RRB- are random effects capturing different mutation propensities among patients , using patient IDs . In these models βn measures the effect of the log-PHBR-I , log-PHBR-II , and sex or age . This analysis was repeated for the validation cohort . Mutational signature analysis Mutational signatures analysis was performed using a previously developed computational framework SigProfiler48 . A detailed description of the workflow of the framework can be found in ref . 48 , while the code can be downloaded freely from : https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/38724-sigprofiler . Predicting RNA expression from DNA variant allelic fraction To predict binary RNA expression -LRB- ≥ 5 reads at the mutant allele -RRB- , we used the LogisticRegressionCV function from the Python sklearn v0 .20.3 package to train a logistic classifier on the TCGA discovery cohort , using DNA variant allelic fraction -LRB- VAF -RRB- , VAF percentile rank within the patient , and mutated gene as features . We conducted 10-fold cross-validation , achieving a mean 72 % area under the receiver operating curve . Statistical analysis All box plots were evaluated using the default one-tailed Mann -- Whitney U statistical test , via the scipy.stats Python package . Mutational signature sex-specific distributions were also compared using the one-tailed Mann -- Whitney U test , and p values were adjusted using the Benjamini -- Hochberg Procedure . All boxplot figures include the median line , the box denotes the interquartile range -LRB- IQR -RRB- , whiskers denote the rest of the data distribution and outliers are denoted by points determined by ± 1.5 × IQR . Effect sizes were calculated using Cliff 's d -LRB- Cliff 1993 -RRB- . Data availability Discovery cohort : data were obtained from publicly available sources including The Cancer Genome Atlas -LRB- TCGA -RRB- Research Network -LSB- http://cancergenome.nih.gov/] . TCGA normal exome sequences and TCGA clinical data were downloaded from the GDC on June 23 -- 26th , 2018 and April 25th , 2017 , respectively , using the gdc-client v1 .3.0 . Furthermore , TCGA somatic mutations were accessed from the NCI Genomic Data Commons -LSB- https://portal.gdc.cancer.gov/] on May 14th , 2017 . Validation cohort : dbGaP studies -LRB- accession numbers : phs001493.v1.p1.c2 , phs001041.v1.p1.c1 , phs001425.v1.p1.c1 , phs001493.v1.p1.c1 , phs000980.v1.p1.c1 , phs001469.v1.p1.c1 , phs000452.v2.p1.c1 , phs001451.v1.p1.c1 , phs001519.v1.p1.c1 , phs001565.v1.p1.c1 -RRB- were obtained from the dbGaP database using the ascp tool from AsperaConnect v3 .9.5.172984 and WXS/WGS data obtained from the Sequence Read Archive -LRB- SRA -RRB- 49 using the SRA toolkit v2 .9.2 . Somatic mutation files were obtained from the respective papers associated with each study . Additional non-TCGA patients ' WXS/WGS data was obtained from the ICGC using the EGA download client v2 .2.2 and icgc-get v0 .6.1 and somatic mutation data from the ICGC DCC Data Release -LSB- https://dcc.icgc.org/] on -LRB- April 2 , 2019 -LRB- PCAWG -RRB- , March 18 , 2019 -LRB- THCA-SA -RRB- -RRB- -LRB- Supplementary Dataset 1 -RRB- . The validation cohort 's MHC-I and - II genotypes were typed using HLA-HD27 and PHBR scores calculated using the method described in `` Presentation score assignment '' . All remaining relevant data are available in the article , Supplementary Information , or from the corresponding author upon reasonable request . References 1 . Burnet , F. M . The concept of immunological surveillance . Prog . Exp . Tumor Res . 13 , 1 -- 27 -LRB- 1970 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 2 . Schreiber , R. D. , Old , L. J. & Smyth , M. J. Cancer immunoediting : integrating immunity 's roles in cancer suppression and promotion . Science 331 , 1565 -- 1570 -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . 3 . Ribas , A. & Wolchok , J. D. Cancer immunotherapy using checkpoint blockade . Science 359 , 1350 -- 1355 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 4 . Nosrati , A. et al. . Evaluation of clinicopathological factors in PD-1 response : derivation and validation of a prediction scale for response to PD-1 monotherapy . Br . J. Cancer 116 , 1141 -- 1147 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 5 . Wu , Y. et al. . Correlation between sex and efficacy of immune checkpoint inhibitors -LRB- PD-1 and CTLA-4 inhibitors -RRB- . Int . J. Cancer https://doi.org/10.1002/ijc.31301 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 6 . Botticelli , A. et al. . The sexist behaviour of immune checkpoint inhibitors in cancer therapy ? Oncotarget 8 , 99336 -- 99346 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 7 . Kugel , C. H. , 3rd et al. . Age correlates with response to anti-PD1 , reflecting age-related differences in intratumoral effector and regulatory T-cell populations . Clin . Cancer Res . https://doi.org/10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-18-1116 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 8 . Ye , Y. et al. . Sex-associated molecular differences for cancer immunotherapy . Nat . Commun . 11 , 1779 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . 9 . Klein , S. L. & Flanagan , K. L. Sex differences in immune responses . Nat . Rev. Immunol . 16 , 626 -- 638 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 10 . Engler , R. J. M. Half - vs. full-dose trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine -LRB- 2004 -- 2005 -RRB- . Arch . Intern . Med . 168 , 2405 -- 2414 -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . 11 . Abdullah , M. et al. . Gender effect on in vitro lymphocyte subset levels of healthy individuals . Cell . Immunol . 272 , 214 -- 219 -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 12 . Jacobson , D. L. , Gange , S. J. , Rose , N. R. & Graham , N. M. Epidemiology and estimated population burden of selected autoimmune diseases in the United States . Clin . Immunol . Immunopathol . 84 , 223 -- 243 -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 13 . Schneider-Hohendorf , T. et al. . Sex bias in MHC I-associated shaping of the adaptive immune system . Proc . Natl Acad . Sci . U.S.A. 115 , 2168 -- 2173 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 14 . Hill-Burns , E. M. & Clark , A. G. X-linked variation in immune response in drosophila melanogaster . Genetics 183 , 1477 -- 1491 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . 15 . Mondal , S. & Rai , U. Sexual dimorphism in phagocytic activity of wall lizard 's splenic macrophages and its control by sex steroids . Gen. Comp . Endocrinol . 116 , 291 -- 298 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 16 . Pap , P. L. , Czirják , G. A. , Vágási , C. I. , Barta , Z. & Hasselquist , D. Sexual dimorphism in immune function changes during the annual cycle in house sparrows . Naturwissenschaften 97 , 891 -- 901 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . 17 . Milo , I. et al. . The immune system profoundly restricts intratumor genetic heterogeneity . Sci . Immunol . 3 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 18 . Simon , A. K. , Hollander , G. A. & McMichael , A. Evolution of the immune system in humans from infancy to old age . Proc . Biol . Sci . 282 , 20143085 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 19 . Jiang , N. et al. . Lineage structure of the human antibody repertoire in response to influenza vaccination . Sci . Transl . Med . 5 , 171ra19 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 20 . Agrawal , A. , Agrawal , S. & Gupta , S. Dendritic cells in human aging . Exp . Gerontol . 42 , 421 -- 426 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 21 . Marty , R. et al. . MHC-I genotype restricts the oncogenic mutational landscape . Cell 171 , 1272 -- 1283 . e15 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 22 . Marty , R. , Thompson , W. K. , Salem , R. M. , Zanetti , M. & Carter , H. Evolutionary pressure against MHC class II binding cancer mutations . Cell https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cell.2018.08.048 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 23 . Nielsen , M. & Andreatta , M. NetMHCpan-3 .0 ; improved prediction of binding to MHC class I molecules integrating information from multiple receptor and peptide length datasets . Genome Med . 8 , 33 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 24 . Karosiene , E. et al. . NetMHCIIpan-3 .0 , a common pan-specific MHC class II prediction method including all three human MHC class II isotypes , HLA-DR , HLA-DP and HLA-DQ . Immunogenetics 65 , 711 -- 724 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 25 . Dunn , G. P. , Bruce , A. T. , Ikeda , H. , Old , L. J. & Schreiber , R. D. Cancer immunoediting : from immunosurveillance to tumor escape . Nat . Immunol . 3 , 991 -- 998 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 26 . Shukla , S. A. et al. . Comprehensive analysis of cancer-associated somatic mutations in class I HLA genes . Nat . Biotechnol . 33 , 1152 -- 1158 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . 27 . Kawaguchi , S. , Higasa , K. , Shimizu , M. , Yamada , R. & Matsuda , F. HLA-HD : an accurate HLA typing algorithm for next-generation sequencing data . Hum . Mutat . 38 , 788 -- 797 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 28 . Jurtz , V. et al. . NetMHCpan-4 .0 : improved peptide-MHC class I interaction predictions integrating eluted ligand and peptide binding affinity data . J. Immunol . 199 , 3360 -- 3368 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 29 . Jensen , K. K. et al. . Improved methods for predicting peptide binding affinity to MHC class II molecules . Immunology 154 , 394 -- 406 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 30 . Wong , W. C. et al. . CHASM and SNVBox : toolkit for detecting biologically important single nucleotide mutations in cancer . Bioinformatics 27 , 2147 -- 2148 -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . 31 . Cancer Genome Atlas Research Network . Integrated genomic characterization of papillary thyroid carcinoma . Cell 159 , 676 -- 690 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . 32 . Alexandrov , L. B. et al. . Clock-like mutational processes in human somatic cells . Nat . Genet . 47 , 1402 -- 1407 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . 33 . Alexandrov , L. B. et al. . Signatures of mutational processes in human cancer . Nature 500 , 415 -- 421 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . 34 . Zhang , J. et al. . International cancer genome consortium data portal -- a one-stop shop for cancer genomics data . Database 2011 , bar026 -- bar026 -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 35 . Amadori , A. et al. . Genetic control of the CD4/CD8 T-cell ratio in humans . Nat . Med . 1 , 1279 -- 1283 -LRB- 1995 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 36 . Keene , J. A. & Forman , J. Helper activity is required for the in vivo generation of cytotoxic T lymphocytes . J. Exp . Med . 155 , 768 -- 782 -LRB- 1982 -RRB- . 37 . Gerloni , M. et al. . Functional cooperation between T helper cell determinants . Proc . Natl Acad . Sci . U.S.A. 97 , 13269 -- 13274 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . 38 . Goronzy , J. J. , Fang , F. , Cavanagh , M. M. , Qi , Q. & Weyand , C. M. Naive T cell maintenance and function in human aging . J. Immunol . 194 , 4073 -- 4080 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . 39 . Son , N. H. , Murray , S. , Yanovski , J. , Hodes , R. J. & Weng , N. Lineage-specific telomere shortening and unaltered capacity for telomerase expression in human T and B lymphocytes with age . J. Immunol . 165 , 1191 -- 1196 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 40 . Hodge , S. E. & Greenberg , D. A . How can we explain very low odds ratios in GWAS ? I. Polygenic models . Hum . Hered . 81 , 173 -- 180 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 41 . McGranahan , N. et al. . Clonal neoantigens elicit T cell immunoreactivity and sensitivity to immune checkpoint blockade . Science 351 , 1463 -- 1469 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . 42 . Gröbner , S. N. et al. . The landscape of genomic alterations across childhood cancers . Nature 555 , 321 -- 327 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . ADS PubMed Google Scholar 43 . Natale , C. A. et al. . Activation of G protein-coupled estrogen receptor signaling inhibits melanoma and improves response to immune checkpoint blockade . Elife 7 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 44 . Zhai , Y. , Haresi , A. J. , Huang , L. & Lang , D. Differences in tumor initiation and progression of melanoma in the BrafCA ; Tyr-CreERT2 ; Ptenf/f model between male and female mice . Pigment Cell Melanoma Res . 33 , 119 -- 121 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 45 . Xie , C. et al. . Fast and accurate HLA typing from short-read next-generation sequence data with xHLA . Proc . Natl Acad . Sci . U.S.A. 114 , 8059 -- 8064 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 46 . Davoli , T. et al. . Cumulative haploinsufficiency and triplosensitivity drive aneuploidy patterns and shape the cancer genome . Cell 155 , 948 -- 962 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . 47 . Wood , S. N. mgcv : GAMs and generalized ridge regression for R. R. News 1 , 20 -- 25 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . 48 . Alexandrov , L. B. , Nik-Zainal , S. , Wedge , D. C. , Campbell , P. J. & Stratton , M. R. Deciphering signatures of mutational processes operative in human cancer . Cell Rep. 3 , 246 -- 259 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . 49 . Leinonen , R. , Sugawara , H. & Shumway , M. , Collaboration , I. N. S. D . The sequence read archive . Nucleic Acids Res . 39 , D19 -- D21 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar Acknowledgements We would like to thank T. Cameron Waller , Tina Wang , and Trey Ideker for scientific discussion . This work was supported by an NIH National Library of Medicine Training Grant T15LM011271 to A.C. an NSF graduate fellowship # 2015205295 to R.M.P. , NIH grants DP5-OD017937 , an Emerging Leader Award from The Mark Foundation for Cancer Research , grant # 18-022-ELA and a CIFAR fellowship to H.C. and RO1 CA220009 to M.Z. and H.C. , P41-GM103504 for computing resources provided by the National Resource for Network Biology -LRB- NRNB -RRB- . We would like to thank the TCGA research network for providing data used in the analyses , the ICGC database , as well as the following studies used in the validation cohort . phs001493.v1.p1.c2 and phs001451.v1.p1.c1 We would also like to thank the Blavatnik Family Foundation , grants from the Broad Institute SPARC program , the National Institutes of Health -LRB- NCI-5R01CA155010-02 , NHLBI-5R01HL103532-03 , NCI-SPORE-2P50CA101942-11A1 , NCI-R50-RCA211482A -RRB- , the Francis and Adele Kittredge Family Immuno-Oncology and Melanoma Research Fund , the Faircloth Family Research Fund , and the DFCI Center for Cancer Immunotherapy Research fellowship and Leukemia and Lymphoma Society . phs001041.v1.p1.c1 . We thank Martin Miller at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center -LRB- MSKCC -RRB- for his assistance with the NetMHC server , Agnes Viale and Kety Huberman at the MSKCC Genomics Core , Annamalai Selvakumar and Alice Yeh at the MSKCC HLA typing laboratory for their technical assistance , and John Khoury for assistance in chart review . phs001425.v1.p1.c1 Christine N. Spencer , Pei-Ling Chen , Michael T. Tetzlaff , Michael A. Davies , Jeffrey E. Gershenwald , Sapna P. Patel , Adi Diab , Isabella C. Glitza , Hussein Tawbi , Alexander J. Lazar , Patrick Hwu , Wen-Jen Hwu , Scott E. Woodman , Rodabe N. Amaria , Victor G. Prieto , and Jennifer A. Wargo enrolled subjects and contributed samples . phs001493.v1.p1.c1 This study was supported by an AACR KureIt grant . phs000980.v1.p1.c1 . We thank the members of the Thoracic Oncology Service and the Chan and Wolchok labs at MSKCC for helpful discussions , as well as the Immune Monitoring Core at MSKCC , including L. Caro , R. Ramsawak , and Z. Mu , for exceptional support with processing and banking peripheral blood lymphocytes . We thank P. Worrell and E. Brzostowski for help in identifying tumor specimens for analysis . We thank A. Viale for superb technical assistance . We thank D. Philips , M. van Buuren , and M. Toebes for help performing the combinatorial coding screens . This work was supported by the Geoffrey Beene Cancer Research Center -LRB- MDH , NAR , TAC , JDW , AS -RRB- , the Society for Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center -LRB- MDH -RRB- , Lung Cancer Research Foundation -LRB- WL -RRB- , Frederick Adler Chair Fund -LRB- TAC -RRB- , The One Ball Matt Memorial Golf Tournament -LRB- EBG -RRB- , Queen Wilhelmina Cancer Research Award -LRB- TNS -RRB- , The STARR Foundation -LRB- TAC , JDW -RRB- , the Ludwig Trust -LRB- JDW -RRB- , and a Stand Up To Cancer-Cancer Research Institute Cancer Immunology Translational Cancer Research Grant -LRB- JDW , TNS , TAC -RRB- . Stand Up To Cancer is a program of the Entertainment Industry Foundation administered by the American Association for Cancer Research . phs001469.v1.p1.c1 . This work was supported by NIH grants R35CA197633 , P01CA168585 , 5P50CA168536 , and GM08042 . A comprehensive description of the dataset can be found at PMID :29320474 . phs001519.v1.p1.c1 . We thank the Ben and Catherine Ivy Foundation , the Blavatnik Family Foundation , the Broad Institute SPARC program , and NIH -LRB- NCI-1RO1CA155010-02 -LRB- to C.J.W. -RRB- -RRB- , NHLBI-5R01HL103532-03 -LRB- to C.J.W. -RRB- , Francis and Adele Kittredge Family Immuno-Oncology and Melanoma Research Fund -LRB- to P.A.O. -RRB- , Faircloth Family Research Fund -LRB- to P.A.O. -RRB- , NIH/NCI R21 CA216772-01A1 -LRB- to D.B.K. -RRB- , NCI-SPORE-2P50CA101942-11A1 -LRB- to D.B.K. -RRB- ; NHLBI-T32HL007627 -LRB- to J.B.I. -RRB- ; NCI -LRB- R50CA211482 -RRB- -LRB- to S.A.S. -RRB- , Zuckerman STEM Leadership Program -LRB- to I.T. -RRB- ; Benoziyo Endowment Fund for the Advancement of Science -LRB- to I.T. -RRB- ; P50 CA165962 -LRB- SPORE -RRB- and P01 CA163205 -LRB- to K.L.L. -RRB- ; DFCI Center for Cancer Immunotherapy Research fellowship -LRB- to Z.H. -RRB- ; Howard Hughes Medical Institute Medical Research Fellows Program -LRB- to A.J.A. -RRB- ; and American Cancer Society PF-17-042-01 -- LIB -LRB- to N.D.M. -RRB- . C.J.W. is a scholar of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society . We thank the Center for Neuro-Oncology , J. Russell and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute -LRB- DFCI -RRB- Center for Immuno-Oncology -LRB- CIO -RRB- staff ; B. Meyers , C. Harvey and S. Bartel -LRB- Clinical Pharmacy -RRB- ; M. Severgnini , K. Kleinsteuber , and E. McWilliams , -LRB- CIO laboratory -RRB- ; M. Copersino -LRB- Regulatory Affairs -RRB- ; T. Bowman -LRB- DFHCC Specialized Histopathology Core Laboratory -RRB- ; A. Lako -LRB- CIO -RRB- ; M. Seaman and D. H. Barouch -LRB- BIDMC -RRB- ; the Broad Institute 's Biological Samples , Genetic Analysis and Genome Sequencing Platforms ; J. Petricciani and M. Krane for regulatory advice ; B. McDonough -LRB- CSBio -RRB- , I. Javeri and K. Nellaiappan -LRB- CuriRx -RRB- for peptide development . phs001565.v1.p1.c1 The research reported in this article was supported by BroadIgnite , BroadNext10 , NIH K08CA188615 , the Howard Hughes Medical Institute , and Stand Up To Cancer -- American Cancer Society Lung Cancer Dream Team Translational Research Grant -LRB- grant number : SU2C-AACR-DT17-15 -RRB- . Stand Up To Cancer is a program of the Entertainment Industry Foundation . Research grants are administered by the American Association for Cancer Research , the scientific partner of SU2C . Author information Author notes These authors contributed equally : Andrea Castro , Rachel Marty Pyke . Affiliations Department of Medicine , Division of Medical Genetics , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Andrea Castro , Rachel Marty Pyke & Hannah Carter Bioinformatics and Systems Biology Program , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Andrea Castro , Rachel Marty Pyke & Hannah Carter Health Science , Department of Biomedical Informatics , School of Medicine , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Andrea Castro Department of Family Medicine and Public Health , Division of Biostatistics & Bioinformatics , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Xinlian Zhang & Wesley Kurt Thompson Laboratory of Cancer Biology and Genetics , National Cancer Institute , National Institutes of Health , Bethesda , MD , 20892 , USA Chi-Ping Day Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Ludmil B. Alexandrov Department of Bioengineering , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Ludmil B. Alexandrov Moores Cancer Center , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Ludmil B. Alexandrov , Maurizio Zanetti & Hannah Carter The Laboratory of Immunology , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Maurizio Zanetti Department of Medicine , Division of Hematology-Oncology , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Maurizio Zanetti Cancer Cell Map Initiative -LRB- CCMI -RRB- , University of California San Diego , La Jolla , CA , 92093 , USA Hannah Carter CIFAR , MaRS Centre , West Tower , 661 University Ave. , Suite 505 , Toronto , ON , Canada Hannah Carter Authors Andrea Castro You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Rachel Marty Pyke You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Xinlian Zhang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Wesley Kurt Thompson You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Chi-Ping Day You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Ludmil B. Alexandrov You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Maurizio Zanetti You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Hannah Carter You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Contributions Original concept , R.M.P. ; project supervision , H.C. and M.Z. ; project planning and experimental design , A.C. , R.M.P. , C.P.D. , M.Z. , and H.C. ; statistical advising , X.Z. , W.K.T. ; data acquisition , processing , and analysis , A.C. and R.M.P. ; mutational signature analysis , L.A. ; preparation of paper , A.C. , R.M.P. , M.Z. , and H.C. Corresponding author Correspondence to Hannah Carter . Additional information Peer review information Nature Communications thanks Joshua Rubin and the other , anonymous reviewer -LRB- s -RRB- for their contribution to the peer review of this work . Peer review reports are available . Publisher 's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations . Supplementary information Rights and permissions Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License , which permits use , sharing , adaptation , distribution and reproduction in any medium or format , as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author -LRB- s -RRB- and the source , provide a link to the Creative Commons license , and indicate if changes were made . The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article 's Creative Commons license , unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material . If material is not included in the article 's Creative Commons license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use , you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder . To view a copy of this license , visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ . About this article", "url": "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-17981-0", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.72715163230896, "Health": 0.9999517202377319}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9999517202377319}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007126260032190556, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfeWm5Y", "stitle": "University of the Sciences will launch more medical marijuana courses", "seg_title_stem": "University of the Sciences will launch more medical marijuana course", "seg_content": "A career in the medical marijuana industry might only be a few short classes away . The University of the Sciences last week announced three new online certificate programs on weed that expand short-term education options for medical providers , business leaders , and retail associates looking to join the rapidly growing industry . Andrew Peterson , the executive director of the schools ' Substance Use Disorders Institute , said the certificates , which start classes in October , are an expansion of the Master 's in Business Administration program in medical cannabis that the university introduced last summer . `` When we launched the MBA program , we had people say , ` I do n't want a full degree yet , is there another option ? `'' To solve that problem , Peterson and his team launched two graduate-level certificates , one for healthcare professionals on the market and therapeutic potential of cannabis and another for those with a business background interested in applying it to the medical cannabis industry . While both programs require an undergraduate degree to enroll , they offer an alternative to the MBA for those who have less time or ability to afford that option . Peterson also wanted to make the medical marijuana industry more accessible to those without an undergraduate education , which is why the third of the three new certificates does n't require a degree to enroll -- an option he says is the first of its kind . Tailored towards those with entry-level jobs in the industry , this undergraduate certificate focuses on enabling students to `` communicate health information effectively to patients who are coming into dispensaries . '' The courses in this program also cover introductions to sales and marketing regulations in the industry , as well as the supply chain `` from seed to sale , '' said Peterson . The Inquirer Business Weekly Newsletter Business news and analysis sent straight to your inbox every Tuesday morning . All three of the new certificates are comprised of four eight-week courses that can be completed over a 32-week period . Additionally , each program consists of 12 credits , which are transferable to a degree program at the university should students choose to continue their education after finishing the four required courses . The certificates are cheaper than the MBA , too . For this upcoming fall semester , those enrolled for the MBA will have to pay $ 1,000 per credit , whereas those in the graduate certificates pay only $ 750 per credit , or $ 9,000 total . The cost per credit for the undergraduate certificate is the same as that of an undergraduate degree , at $ 450 per credit , or $ 5,400 total . USciences also offers a four-hour certification course for pharmacists and dispensaries on clinical considerations in medical marijuana , which Peterson says has maintained enrollment of 30 to 50 students per course throughout the pandemic . Medical marijuana is one of the few industries that 's booming during the COVID-19 pandemic . Nate Wardle , the press secretary for the Pennsylvania Department of Health , reported that total sales for the program nufrom its 2018 inception were $ 700 million until February . The program 's sales had doubled by August this year , increasing from to $ 1.32 billion . Nationwide sales spiked in mid-March during the first shutdowns of the pandemic as several states , including Pennsylvania and New Jersey , declared dispensaries essential businesses . There are currently 89 operational dispensaries throughout the state , with 25 of those in the Philadelphia region , Wardle wrote in an email . From March 2018 to August 2020 , the number of patients registered to receive medical marijuana increased from around 21,000 to 360,000 . Providers went from 800 to 2,000 during the same period . Peterson sees those trends as evidence of a growing sector that will continue to need an educated workforce . `` As this market continues to blossom , people are going to be looking for more and more qualified individuals , '' he said . Other administrators agree . Stockton University near Atlantic City offers a minor in cannabis studies while Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia offers a graduate certificate in cannabis medicine for health professionals . Mike Badey , CEO of Keystone Shops which has dispensaries in Devon , King of Prussia and South Philadelphia , agrees . `` I see every facet of the cannabis industry growing over the next few decades , '' he said , pointing to horticultural science , clinical relevance , and the retail environment as a few examples . `` All ships float with a rising tide . '' He finds the option for healthcare professionals especially exciting , as he feels that more medical research will continue to legitimize physician use of cannabis for a variety of health conditions . Currently , the Department of Health approves medical marijuana for 23 conditions , including cancer , multiple sclerosis , and opioid use disorder . Badey also thinks that while these certificates are n't necessary for someone trying to enter the medical marijuana industry , they do create an advantage . `` If you want to get directly into a management level or corporate position , a certification like that is definitely going to help your chances . '' Peterson agrees , and thinks there are real benefits to offering industry-specific education on medical marijuana . `` I consistently get inquiries from people all across the nation asking about educational resources , '' he said . `` More and more of the bigger providers and processors are looking to open new dispensaries , and they 're looking for qualified individuals . ''", "url": "https://www.inquirer.com/business/weed/usciences-20200817.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01137932566315769, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfensAd", "stitle": "Stuart Christie obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Stuart Christie obituary", "seg_content": "In 1964 a dashing , long-haired 18-year-old British anarchist , Stuart Christie , faced the possibility of the death penalty in Madrid for his role in a plot to assassinate General Franco , the Spanish dictator . A man of great charm , warmth and wit , Christie , who has died of cancer aged 74 , got away with a 20-year prison sentence and was eventually released after less than four years , only to find himself in prison several years later in Britain after being accused of being a member of the Angry Brigade , a group responsible for a series of explosions in London in the early 1970s . On that occasion he was acquitted , and afterwards he went on to become a leading writer and publisher of anarchist literature , as well as the author of a highly entertaining memoir , Granny Made Me An Anarchist . Christie 's Franco-related mission was to deliver explosives to Madrid for an attempt to blow up the Spanish leader while he attended a football game at the city 's Bernabéu stadium . Telling his family that he was going grape-picking in France , he went first to Paris , where it turned out that the only French he knew , to the amusement of his anarchist hosts , was `` Zut , alors ! '' There he was given explosives and furnished with instructions on how to make himself known to his contact by wearing a bandage on his hand . As his knowledge of Spanish was even more limited than his French , he had to be taught a phrase -- `` me duele la mano '' -LRB- my hand hurts -RRB- -- as a coded response to his contact . Having been kitted out in Paris , Christie began to hitchhike south with the explosives wrapped around his body and wearing a kilt as an aid to getting lifts . His attire later led to reports in the Argentinian press that the man who tried to assassinate Franco was a `` Scottish transvestite '' . Once he arrived in Madrid , however , it turned out that Christie 's group had been infiltrated , and he was arrested along with his Spanish contact , Fernando Carballo . After being forced to watch Carballo being tortured , Christie signed a confession . Convicted of `` banditry and terrorism '' after a brief trial in a military court , he faced the possibility of execution by garrotte , but was instead given the 20-year jail term . His sentence prompted international protests , including from Jean-Paul Sartre and Bertrand Russell . In the notorious Carabanchel prison in Madrid , Christie was warmly welcomed on to the political wing by fellow anarchists and republicans , who admired his courage for their cause . In jail he studied for A-levels in history , English and Spanish and worked as a nurse . His mother wrote regularly to Franco to ask for clemency , and the Spanish authorities , noting `` her dignity and motherly concern '' , released him after just under four years . `` The most beneficial thing was that my arrest provided a focus for what Franco was doing , '' he said later . `` He was trying to pass himself off as an old avuncular gentleman on a white charger while in fact he had all these political prisoners , thousands of whom were tortured and some killed . '' Four years after returning to London in 1968 Christie , while working as a gas fitter , was arrested on suspicion of being a member of the Angry Brigade , a libertarian group accused of carrying out explosions aimed at Edward Heath 's government . At the Old Bailey trial of the so-called Stoke Newington Eight in 1972 Christie told the jury that the police had planted two detonators on him and he was acquitted , while four co-defendants were convicted and jailed . Athough Christie knew some of those involved in the Angry Brigade , he was arrested mainly because of his reputation . Christie was born in the Partick area of Glasgow , the son of Albert , a trawlerman from Aberdeenshire , and Olive -LRB- nee Ring -RRB- , a hairdresser . When he was six his father left home , and as a result he was brought up in part by his grandfather and by his redoubtable grandmother , Agnes Ring , in Ardossan , Arran and then Blantyre . After leaving Calder Street school in Blantyre in 1961 he worked briefly as an apprentice in a Glasgow dental laboratory , where he became the union representative . He then joined the Labour Party Young Socialists but became disillusioned by the fact that Labour activists went out canvassing wearing Rangers scarves to secure the Protestant vote . He tore up his membership card and found his political home with the Glasgow Federation of Anarchists . Nuclear disarmament was a major political issue in the early 1960s , highlighted in Scotland by the siting of American Polaris nuclear submarines at the Holy Loch near the Firth of Clyde , and Christie became an active member of the Scottish Committee of 100 , which was dedicated to their removal . At the same time , with growing evidence of Franco 's anarchist opponents being jailed , tortured and killed in Spain , political events in that country also became a major focus of his attention . A move in 1964 to London , where he found work as a sheet-metal apprentice and on an ironmongery stall , led to his meeting up with Spanish anarchist exiles . Deciding that `` I had to do more than just demonstrate and leaflet '' , he offered his services and was soon recruited to smuggle explosives into Madrid . Once back in the UK after his capture and imprisonment , he campaigned for the discharge of many of his fellow Spanish prisoners , offering them a home in exile in London if they were released . One of these was Miguel García , with whom Christie would later launch the Centro Iberico and International Libertarian Centre in London . On his return to London in 1968 , Christie had met Brenda Earl , a typist and later a teacher , who was also committed to the anti-Francoist cause and who would shortly become his wife . In 1970 , with his friend the veteran anarchist Albert Meltzer , he wrote The Floodgates of Anarchy , the first of many books , and two years later came the Angry Brigade trial . In 1974 , following the kidnapping in Paris of a Francoist banker , a special branch officer advised Christie and Brenda to leave their home in London for their own safety . They went first to Honley , in West Yorkshire , and then to Sanday on Orkney , where their daughter , Branwen , was born . There they ran the Cienfuegos Press , which became a major publisher of anarchist literature , and a radical paper , Free-Winged Eagle . After seven years on Orkney they moved to Cambridge and then to Hastings in East Sussex , where Christie edited the Hastings Trawler and started the Anarchist Film Channel in 2006 . `` Hollywood and the mainstream film industry tends to depict anarchists as flaky , obsessive , rabid , demonic , repellent stereotypes -- such as Hitchcock 's The Secret Agent or The Man Who Knew Too Much , '' he explained at the time . He took on editorial work in London as a subeditor for the magazine Media Week , and on the British edition of Pravda and the English language version of the Russian weekly , Argumenty i Fakty . Granny Made Me An Anarchist , published in 2004 , explained that he had learned as a boy from his grandmother that `` we are not bystanders to life . '' The book was as funny , perceptive and self-deprecating as the man himself . He also wrote ¡ Pistoleros ! The Chronicles of Farquar McHarg , a trilogy -LRB- 2009-12 -RRB- about a fictional Scottish anarchist born in 1900 who became involved in the Spanish civil war . A quotation at the front of the book , from Victor Serge 's Memoirs of a Revolutionary , summed up his own beliefs : `` Anarchism demanded , before anything else , harmony between deeds and words . '' Brenda died in 2019 . Christie is survived by Branwen , two grandaughters , Merri and Mo , and his half-sister , Olivia . • Stuart Christie , anarchist , writer and publisher , born 10 July 1946 ; died 15 August 2020", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2020/aug/17/stuart-christie-obituary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.6616319417953491}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.6616319417953491}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006218393105970384, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wff7OWJ", "stitle": "Calumet Schedules Hearings on Zoning , Marijuana Ordinances", "seg_title_stem": "Calumet Schedules hearing on Zoning , Marijuana Ordinances", "seg_content": "The Village of Calumet will hold two public hearings Monday night . The session will begin online at 5:30 . The first hearing will address proposed revisions in the village 's zoning ordinance , and will be conducted by the planning commission . See the proposed ordinance here . The second hearing will deal with the proposed mariijuana ordinance , and will be led by the village council . See the proposed ordinance here . For access instructions to the virtual meeting , click here .", "url": "http://www.keweenawreport.com/news/local-news/calumet-schedules-hearings-on-zoning-marijuana-ordinances/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15377590736288696, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfgH933", "stitle": "Yankees ' Mike Ford 's perfect response to Alex Rodriguez 's Babe Ruth comparison", "seg_title_stem": "Yankees ' Mike Ford 's perfect response to Alex Rodriguez 's Babe Ruth comparison", "seg_content": "NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez watched the replay . The former Yankees slugger was enamored . `` Great swing , '' Rodriguez said on the ESPN broadcast . `` Leans back . '' Then A-Rod paused . `` And Mike Ford with a little bit of a Babe Ruth look to him . '' Introducing Yankees Insider : Get exclusive news , behind-the-scenes observations and the ability to text message directly with beat writers Rodriguez was describing Ford 's two-run homer in the second inning of the Yankees ' 4-2 win over the Red Sox at Yankee Stadium on Sunday night . Yes , Rodriguez really compared the N.J. native and former Princeton University student to Ruth . While Ford is plenty talented , Ruth might be the game 's best player of all time . The 28-year-old laughed when a reporter brought it up to him postgame . Had Ford ever heard of the Ruth comparison before ? `` Yeah , maybe a joke here and there , '' Ford said . `` We 're both hefty guys I guess . The mold kind of fits there . But I 've got a long way to go to be in that conversation . I appreciate the compliment and hopefully I can keep looking like it . '' Hey , Ford forgot that they were both lefty hitters . At any rate , it was Ford 's second home run of the season . Buy Mike Ford Yankees gear : Fanatics.com , MLBShop.com , Lids `` I 'm just looking for a good pitch to hit , '' Ford said of his approach in the at-bat . `` I 've kind of gotten out of my plan lately of hitting off fastballs . -LRB- Sunday -RRB- , it was just kind of hunting fastballs in the zone and trying to take good swings at it . Simplifying things . '' Ford has been part of a crew of Yankees reserves that include Clint Frazier and Mike Tauchman who just continue to produce as injuries pile . On Sunday , the Yankees added DJ LeMahieu to Aaron Judge , Giancarlo Stanton and Kyle Higashioka on the injured list . `` I just think we have a ton of depth , '' Ford said . `` We have a lot of guys that could play elsewhere right now and help teams win . It 's just nice when us fill-in guys can come up and have some success . '' Get Yankees text messages : Cut through the clutter of social media and text during games with beat writers and columnists . Plus , exclusive news and analysis every day . Sign up now . Please subscribe now and support the local journalism YOU rely on and trust . Brendan Kuty may be reached at bkuty@njadvancemedia.com . Tell us your coronavirus story or send a tip here .", "url": "https://www.nj.com/yankees/2020/08/yankees-mike-fords-perfect-response-to-alex-rodriguezs-babe-ruth-comparison.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_MLB": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09994911270487411, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfgJaWt", "stitle": "Biggest U.S. Pension Sold Apple Stock . It Bought AMD , Regeneron , and This Marijuana Stock .", "seg_title_stem": "biggest U.S. pension sell Apple Stock . it buy AMD , Regeneron , and this Marijuana Stock .", "seg_content": "The largest public pension in the U.S.by assets made some big second-quarter changes in its investment portfolio . For California Public Employees ' Retirement System , known as Calpers , it was also the last full quarter of changes under investment chief Ben Meng , who stepped down in early August . Calpers sold Apple stock in the quarter , and bought more shares of chip giant Advanced Micro Devices -LRB- AMD -RRB- , biotech firm Regeneron Pharmaceuticals -LRB- REGN -RRB- , and marijuana firm Tilray -LRB- TLRY -RRB- . The pension disclosed the trades in a form it filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . The pension , which manages assets of more than $ 400 billion , did n't respond to a request for comment on its transactions , Calpers sold a little more than 1 million Apple shares in the second quarter , lowering its investment in the iPhone maker to 9.2 million shares . Apple stock has rocketed nearly 57 % this year through Friday 's close , including a 26 % rise in July and August . By comparison the S&P 500 index , a measure of the broad market , is up 4.4 % year to date , and up 8.8 % in the third quarter . Earlier this month , strong earnings and the announcement of a four-for-one stock split boosted Apple shares , lifting them to a near $ 2 trillion market valuation . Apple stock edged lower last week on a report that iPhone sales slipped in China . The pension bought 287,472 more AMD shares in the quarter , ending June with 2.6 million shares . AMD stock has soared 77.3 % year to date , including a 54.5 % leap in the third quarter . AMD stock 's outperformance comes as rival Intel -LRB- INTC -RRB- has stumbled , and some observers see the latter losing more market share to AMD . Regeneron shares have gained 63.1 % year to date , although in the third quarter they have slipped 1.8 % . We 've noted that Regeneron 's potential Covid-19 treatment could be as big as a vaccine . The biotech 's second-quarter earnings , reported earlier this month , were strong . At least one analyst also really likes Regeneron 's oncology pipeline . Calpers bought 654,007 additional Regeneron shares in the second quarter , increasing its investment to 837,998 shares . The pension also materially raised its investment in Tilray stock by buying 160,500 shares in the quarter , raising its holdings to 204,700 shares of the marijuana grower . Tilray stock has wilted in 2020 , with a year-to-date plunge of 57.7 % , but so far in the third quarter , it is up 2 % . Tilray 's recent second-quarter report was disappointing . The company had reported a smaller-than-expected loss in the first quarter as it saw a bump in cannabis sales as the coronavirus pandemic began to roil markets and caused consumers to load up on supplies in order to work at home . Inside Scoop is a regular Barron 's feature covering stock transactions by corporate executives and board members -- so-called insiders -- as well as large shareholders , politicians , and other prominent figures . Due to their insider status , these investors are required to disclose stock trades with the Securities and Exchange Commission or other regulatory groups . Write to Ed Lin at edward.lin@barrons.com and follow @BarronsEdLin .", "url": "https://www.marketwatch.com/articles/calpers-sold-apple-stock-it-bought-amd-regeneration-tilray-51597264698", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011553235506682198, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfgc3V6", "stitle": "Vijay Sawant obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Vijay Sawant obituary", "seg_content": "My partner 's father , Vijay Sawant , who has died aged 78 , was an accomplished scientist who applied his skills and ingenuity to the design and manufacture of ice-creams -- two of which , Cornetto and Magnum -- are among the most popular of all time . Over a 30-year career with Wall 's ice-cream in the UK , Vijay developed processes that were integral to the success not just of those two brands but a number of others , including the Raspberry Split and Sky Bar , the last two of which are no longer sold in the UK . One of his 15 patents was for the technology that sprayed the inside of a Cornetto with chocolate , so that the cone 's characteristic crunch remained audible . He also fixed a problem that had caused the chocolate covering of the Magnum to crack at higher altitudes , and he helped to make the outer texture of the Raspberry Split more closely resemble an actual raspberry . Through innovations such as these Vijay made a contribution to everyday happiness that he could perhaps not have provided through pure science , and he was more than satisfied to have done so . Born in Bombay -LRB- now Mumbai -RRB- , the third of six children of Arjun Sawant , a policeman , and his wife , Subhadra -LRB- nee Rane -RRB- , he had a poor upbringing . But a gift for numbers offered an escape route , and after rudimentary schooling -LRB- he later blamed his shortsightedness on long hours of study under a street lamp -RRB- , he was able to win a place at Bombay University , where he read physics and mathematics . Wanting to further his education and see the world , he then applied for a British Ministry of Labour employment voucher , which allowed him to come to London . Arriving in 1967 with a huge 46kg suitcase and # 3 in his pocket -- the most that Indian immigrants were allowed to carry and about all he had anyway -- he worked as a laboratory assistant at Imperial College in London , and was then offered the chance of pursuing research in nuclear physics at University College London . However , at the same time he also spotted an advert in New Scientist magazine placed by Unilever , owner of Wall 's , for a process engineering assistant at its Colworth research centre in Bedfordshire , which intrigued him . He applied , got the job and started in 1969 . Later rising to become a scientist at Wall 's , he made a full recovery from heart surgery at 53 and took early retirement a few years later in 1999 . He had an active later life that involved consultancy work and a lot of gardening and travel . Vijay married Shaila Dalvi , a chemistry graduate and maths teacher , in 1971 after he had met her on a trip back home to Mumbai . Newly married after a three-week courtship , they settled in Stanwick , Northamptonshire , and were inseparable over the near-50 years of their partnership . He is survived by Shaila and their children , Niteen and Kalpana .", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/science/2020/aug/17/vijay-sawant-obituary", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.13640272741178594, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfgeGos", "stitle": "San Antonio House Under Fire For Hosting Multiple Sex Parties During COVID-19 Pandemic", "seg_title_stem": "San Antonio House under fire for host multiple sex party during covid-19 pandemic", "seg_content": "Residents of a northside San Antonio neighborhood are concerned that an area home has bene continuously violating COVID-19 protocols . The residents say they have called police at least two dozen times since the start of 2020 , due to their neighbors hosting MULTIPLE sex parties , despite the restrictions set by the Coronavirus pandemic . KENS 5 reported , `` According to daily social media advertisements and a flyer found crumpled in the yard of neighbors , the gatherings are n't just any parties : They are sex parties . The -LSB- graphic > advertisements ask for a $ 10 donation and , in exchange , condoms , personal lubricant , towels , alcohol , snacks and more are provided . Social media advertisements indicate the parties happen sometimes twice a day from noon to 3 p.m. and from 5 p.m. until the evening hours . '' San Antonians voice concerns to TV station over alleged next door sex parties amid COVID-19 pandemic https://t.co/YR0OIJVr7R -- Houston Chronicle -LRB- @HoustonChron -RRB- August 7 , 2020 The neighbor told KENS 5 that they had seen as much as 24 cars parked outside of the home at once , but the homeowners have denied the claims they are hosting orgies . They told KENS5 , `` there 's always going to be a Karen or two in the neighborhood . '' In a statement to the news network , Deputy City Attorney Jose Niño said the there 's pretty much nothing the city can do because they have n't found the home to be in any violations of the law nor have they noticed anything that requires an emergency declaration . Via Chron", "url": "https://kluv.radio.com/blogs/miles-in-the-morning/san-antonio-house-hosting-sex-parties-during-pandemic", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.5054648463295637, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfgenkj", "stitle": "Scientists find new drug to treat aggressive breast cancer", "seg_title_stem": "scientist find new drug to treat aggressive breast cancer", "seg_content": "In a new study , researchers have discovered a way to slow the growth of breast cancer stem cells . The finding could eventually lead to combination drug therapies on previously untreatable breast cancers . The research was conducted by a team of British and American scientists . Around three-quarters of women who have breast cancer have what are known as estrogen receptor-positive tumors . Some breast cancer cells have receptors that bind to the hormone estrogen and depend on it to grow . Though anti-estrogen drugs such as tamoxifen and fulvestrant are able to prevent reoccurrence in most of these breast cancers , tumors reoccur in one out of four cases . Many of the women relapse after several years because some of the cancer cells remain after treatment . The cells , called cancer stem cells , lay dormant in the body and can not be targeted by anti-estrogen therapies . Scientists have now found that cancer stem cells resistant to anti-estrogen drugs express an immune system-related receptor called interleukin 1 receptor . The team found that a biological inhibitor of this receptor called Anakinra , used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , was able to reduce the ability of the cancer stem cells to form colonies in vitro . However , further validation in animals and humans is required before the team to confirm if drugs targeting interleukin 1 receptor could be used as an effective treatment . The team says resistance to anti-estrogen therapies in breast cancer patients is a major problem and one which cancer scientists have been trying to address for many years . They hope that women who have increased numbers of cancer stem cells and do not respond to currents treatment could one day benefit from combination therapy . One author of the study is Dr. Bruno Simões . The study is published in Stem Cell Reports . Copyright © 2020 Knowridge Science Report . All rights reserved .", "url": "https://knowridge.com/2020/08/scientists-find-new-drug-to-treat-aggressive-breast-cancer/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009011806450841245, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfgkW3M", "stitle": "Video Captures Tuscaloosa Police Department COVID-19 Enforcement on The Strip", "seg_title_stem": "Video Captures Tuscaloosa Police Department COVID-19 Enforcement on the Strip", "seg_content": "Tuscaloosa Police Department Patrol Cars were captured on The Strip Sunday evening , presumably in response to the droves of students lining the streets in an attempt to seek entry into local bars . Twitter user Kalynn Anderson shared the video Sunday , saying `` TPD is not in the mood for your bid day shenanigans . '' Tuscaloosa Mayor Walt Maddox pledged Sunday that both the Tuscaloosa Police Department and the Tuscaloosa Fire and Rescue Service would step up their enforcement of State and City ordinances meant to mitigate the spread of the novel Coronavirus . Alabama Governor Kay Ivey 's `` Safer at Home '' order continues through August 31st , and the order includes a mask mandate . Tuscaloosa remains under a State of Emergency as a result of the virus , requiring bars to end service at 9 p.m. nightly and reduce their capacity to 25 % . Classes at the University begin Monday , August 17th , with University officials planning to distribute 60,000 face masks to students .", "url": "https://wtug.com/video-captures-tuscaloosa-police-department-covid-19-enforcement-on-the-strip/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.8404222726821899}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.8404222726821899}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009011806450841245, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfgv0Aw", "stitle": "Video Captures Tuscaloosa Police Department COVID-19 Enforcement on The Strip", "seg_title_stem": "Video Captures Tuscaloosa Police Department COVID-19 Enforcement on the Strip", "seg_content": "Tuscaloosa Police Department Patrol Cars were captured on The Strip Sunday evening , presumably in response to the droves of students lining the streets in an attempt to seek entry into local bars . Twitter user Kalynn Anderson shared the video Sunday , saying `` TPD is not in the mood for your bid day shenanigans . '' Tuscaloosa Mayor Walt Maddox pledged Sunday that both the Tuscaloosa Police Department and the Tuscaloosa Fire and Rescue Service would step up their enforcement of State and City ordinances meant to mitigate the spread of the novel Coronavirus . Alabama Governor Kay Ivey 's `` Safer at Home '' order continues through August 31st , and the order includes a mask mandate . Tuscaloosa remains under a State of Emergency as a result of the virus , requiring bars to end service at 9 p.m. nightly and reduce their capacity to 25 % . Classes at the University begin Monday , August 17th , with University officials planning to distribute 60,000 face masks to students .", "url": "https://953thebear.com/video-captures-tuscaloosa-police-department-covid-19-enforcement-on-the-strip/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.8404222726821899}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.8404222726821899}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16243829320871847, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfgxq33", "stitle": "Microdosing Marijuana : What Doctors Say Is The Best Way To Consume", "seg_title_stem": "microdose Marijuana : what doctor say be the best way to consume", "seg_content": "Although microdosing may go against the grain of the old time stoner philosophy , doctors say that finding the `` minimum effective dose '' is the key to medical treatment . There are those cannabis connoisseurs who enjoy getting super stoned at the end of a long day at the office , while others are embracing microdosing , a method that allows the user to moderate their mind by taking small doses throughout the day . The concept of microdosing is simple : instead of consuming enough THC to join the land of catatonia , the user leans on somewhere between 3 to 10 mg to feel some effect without entering into a realm of laughing fits , paranoia and ravenous hunger . It is increasingly popular practice that Rolling Stone calls `` Marijuana 2.0 , '' an idea that less is actually more when it comes to using cannabis for its therapeutic and creativity-inducing benefits . However , there are some challenges involved . What is considered a low dose for some may not cut it for others . It is similar to how it would be if measuring the effectiveness of Ibuprofen on a large group of people . Some of them would find relief with 200 mg , while it might take others near pharmaceutical levels to cut through the pain . So , the core of this dosing principle is really just about the individual finding the perfect `` micro-buzz '' that allows them to feel comfortable and productive . Dr. Duston Sulak , who has been working with medical marijuana patients in Maine for the past eight years , told Rolling Stone that he has developed a system to help people find their optimal microdose . `` Abstain from cannabis for two days . On day three , consume one milligram of THC and one milligram of CBD , preferably in a tincture or oil where they can be measured precisely , '' he said . `` Before consuming , ask yourself three questions , and answer on a scale of one to 10 : How easy is it to breathe , how comfortable and calm does your body feel and how easy is it for you to smile authentically , to feel content and grateful ? '' Feel nothing ? Increase your dose by one milligram , the doctor says . `` You repeat this process over the next few days , increasing the dose by small increments , '' he explained . `` When you reach a point where you feel a difference after consuming , you 've found your minimal effective dose . '' No matter how high of a tolerance a person has , the doctor says 48 hours of abstinence is all that is needed to hit the rest button . Although microdosing may go against the grain of the old time stoner philosophy , medical experts say that finding the `` minimum effective dose '' is the key when treating a patient with any medication . After all , it is not advised to take other medications at intoxicating levels , so why should marijuana be treated any differently ? The Fresh Toast is a daily lifestyle platform with a side of cannabis . For more information , visit www.thefreshtoast.com .", "url": "https://www.arcamax.com/healthandspirit/cannabisdaily/s-2399382", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.015040558291567736, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfgzBEC", "stitle": "Naked Woman Critically Injured in Pedestrian Crash on Florida Avenue near Myers Street -LSB- HEMET , CA -RSB-", "seg_title_stem": "naked Woman critically injure in Pedestrian Crash on Florida Avenue near Myers Street -lsb- HEMET , CA -rsb-", "seg_content": "Naked Woman Critically Injured in Pedestrian Crash on Florida Avenue near Myers Street -LSB- HEMET , CA -RSB- Morning Pedestrian Crash on Florida Avenue in Hemet Leaves Victim in Critical Condition -- A naked woman suffered critical injuries following a pedestrian crash Thursday morning in Hemet , police said . The crash happened around 5:30 a.m. on Florida Avenue near Myers Street . According to Hemet police , the victim had been alternately standing or walking on Florida Avenue when she suddenly ran into traffic lanes and in front of on oncoming vehicle . The driver was unable to avoid the woman and struck her . The impact caused severe injuries on the pedestrian . The driver immediately stopped and called emergency services . Arriving paramedics took the victim to an Inland Empire trauma center in grave condition . The driver was not believed to have been impaired , police said . The incident is still under investigation . When behind the wheel , it is important to pay attention to the road . Look out for pedestrians at all times and stay alert to your surroundings . Strictly follow the rules of the road and practice defensive driving , anytime and anywhere . If you or a loved one has suffered injuries in a pedestrian crash , contact our personal injury attorneys at Sweet James . Legal action may seem overwhelming , so let our experienced lawyers take the burden off your shoulders . With over 20 years in the field , we know what it takes to protect your legal rights . Call us at -LRB-800-RRB- 975-3435 for a free and confidential case evaluation . You can reach us 24 hours a day and 7 days a week through email , text , and online chat . If you are a family member of any of the victims involved in this accident , we may be able to help you obtain the police report . Click here to request a police report .", "url": "https://sweetjames.com/naked-woman-critically-injured-pedestrian-crash-florida-avenue-myers-street-hemet-ca/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999667406082153}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 0.9999667406082153}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06671261982325846, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfhWpUg", "stitle": "Man Accused of Murder of 11-Year-Old Indicted on Sex Abuse Charges", "seg_title_stem": "man Accused of murder of 11-year-old indict on sex abuse charge", "seg_content": "A Binghamton man , who has been sitting in jail waiting for his trial on a murder charge in the death of an 11-year-old Johnson City boy , is now also being charged with two felony counts each of predatory sexual assault against a child and rape . Broome County District Attorney Michael Korchak announced August 14 the new indictment against 45-year-old Larry Harris . Korchak says a victim came forward alleging the sexual abuse happened between October 2013 and March 2019 , one month before Harris was indicted on murder and manslaughter charges in connection with the death of Jerome Smith in his mother 's apartment on Burbank Avenue . 31-year-old Shakia Crute pleaded guilty last year to obstructing authorities in their investigation into her son 's death on February 2 , 2019 . Crute was Harris ' girlfriend at the time . Prior to being charged with murder and manslaughter in the 5th-grader 's death , Harris had been jailed a little over a month after the boy 's death on drug-related charges filed by Binghamton police . No trial date has been set for Harris on any of the charges .", "url": "https://wnbf.com/man-accused-of-murder-of-11-year-old-indicted-on-sex-abuse-charges/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16216708946255443, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfi2p5s", "stitle": "How this North Carolina hemp startup landed on FDA 's do-not-use list for hand sanitizer", "seg_title_stem": "how this North Carolina hemp startup land on FDA 's do-not-use list for hand sanitizer", "seg_content": "A North Carolina startup that began producing hand sanitizer amid the pandemic has found itself on the FDA 's do-not-use list .", "url": "https://www.bizjournals.com/triangle/news/2020/08/17/open-book-extracts-hand-sanitizer.html?ana=newsbreak", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010683126517366286, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfiEUnK", "stitle": "Peter Tiffin obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Peter Tiffin obituary", "seg_content": "My dad , Peter Tiffin , who has died aged 86 , was a television director and producer for more than 30 years . He was a prolific documentary maker and proudly claimed to be the only person to have asked the Queen questions while cameras were rolling . Peter began his career at Southern Television in Southampton , before moving to ITN and then in 1968 to Thames TV , where he worked on the flagship current affairs programme This Week . He reported on some of the major issues of the time , from the Troubles in Northern Ireland to football hooliganism and the civil war in Lebanon . He also produced longer documentaries , such as To Mrs Brown a Daughter -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , about the birth of the first test-tube baby , Louise Brown , and The British Connection -LRB- 1985 -RRB- with Alastair Burnet . In 1986 he produced and directed The Queen and the Commonwealth with Sir Trevor McDonald . It is part of royal protocol that the Queen is never interviewed . However , it was agreed she could be recorded while being prompted to comment on footage of her time on the throne . McDonald was not allowed to do it , as that would be deemed an interview , so Peter asked the questions . His voice was edited out , but it 's thought he 's the only person to have done this . Peter was born in Beverley , east Yorkshire , to John Tiffin , an aircraft engineer , and Dorothy -LRB- nee Curtis -RRB- , and grew up in Kingston upon Hull . He attended Kingston high school and there discovered a love of acting , with Tom Courtenay , a fellow pupil , once serving as his understudy . After national service , he won a scholarship to Oxford University to read Philosophy , Politics and Economics . In 1961 he married Sally Fitzgerald , whom he met after gatecrashing a party at her London flat . They had three daughters and in the mid 70s left suburbia for the good life in the Cotswolds , where they kept chickens , geese and goats . Peter regularly arrived at the office with remnants of the farm still on his shoes . After taking early retirement in 1991 , Peter and Sally spent a lot of their time in Italy . Dad travelled the world for work , but he was never happier than when drinking a glass of Chianti in Tuscany . Sally died in 2017 , and Dad was never really the same after that . He tested positive for coronavirus , and recovered but died a few weeks later . He is survived by me , my two sisters , Miranda and Serena , three grandchildren and his sister , Shirley .", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/2020/aug/17/peter-tiffin-obituary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9203535318374634}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9203535318374634}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009881377227061528, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfiRESD", "stitle": "The Cannabis Industry 's ` Essential ' Upside From COVID-19", "seg_title_stem": "the Cannabis Industry 's ` essential ' Upside from covid-19", "seg_content": "The designation of the cannabis business as essential caught some states and some state officials off guard . It was a classic watershed moment when 20 of the 33 states across the U.S. that allowed some form of sale and consumption of marijuana had those businesses designated as essential businesses in March during the early days of the coronavirus outbreak . And while that designation of what is `` essential '' was just an advisory from the Department of Homeland Security , and not a federal directive or standard , meaning that it 's open to wide interpretation by various jurisdictions , cannabis advocates jumped on the opportunity in March to remind state governors about the importance of the cannabis industry . A letter from the Marijuana Policy Project states that governors and legislative leaders played up the significance of access to medical cannabis in times of a pandemic : `` As leaders of states with medical cannabis or cannabidiol -LRB- CBD -RRB- laws , we write to urge you to ensure patients can safely access their treatment option in a way that is consistent with public health . Cannabis is a crucial part of the treatment regimens of hundreds of thousands of individuals , including many who have vulnerable immune systems because of their advanced age or a serious medical condition . '' The designation of the cannabis business as essential caught some states and some state officials off guard . For example , on March 22nd , Colorado Governor Jared Polis said that state retail and medical cannabis stores could go ahead and stay open . Denver Mayor Michael Hancock closed recreational dispensaries down the next day -- oops -- then quickly reversed himself the following day after public outcry and panicked cannabis buying . Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker allowed medical cannabis stores only to stay open , and closed down recreational cannabis stores , before reversing course two months later after being hit by lawsuits . Being declared essential was the proverbial feather in the hat of the industry , and a strong vote by the federal government that cannabis businesses were crucial to the survival of not only the economy but the people and patients who depended on it . Except there was , and is , still a problem . That essential business designation ran into federal roadblocks that no other essential business had to deal with , when cannabis businesses were denied financial assistance in the form of small business disaster loans of up to $ 2 million . ... continued", "url": "https://www.arcamax.com/healthandspirit/cannabisdaily/s-2399442", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.7240239977836609}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.7240239977836609}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3140895745249138, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfiUhkX", "stitle": "New type of immunotherapy extends survival of mice with triple negative breast tumors", "seg_title_stem": "New type of immunotherapy extend survival of mouse with triple negative breast tumor", "seg_content": "Immunotherapies for cancer - ; treatments that prime the immune system to attack tumors - ; are valuable weapons in the anti-cancer arsenal . But some cancers are more difficult to target with this strategy than others . Today , scientists report a new type of immunotherapy that dramatically extends the survival of mice that have triple negative breast tumors , a difficult-to-treat form of cancer . The researchers will present their results at the American Chemical Society -LRB- ACS -RRB- Fall 2020 Virtual Meeting & Expo . ACS is holding the meeting through Thursday . It features more than 6,000 presentations on a wide range of science topics . A brand-new video on the research is available at www.acs.org/fall2020-breast-cancer . From an immunotherapy standpoint , one of the biggest problems with triple negative breast cancer is that it does n't produce any known antigens , or molecules recognized by the immune system , that are unique to the tumor . If you do n't have a known tumor-specific antigen , it 's hard to train your immune system to go after the tumor while ignoring healthy cells . '' Cassandra Callmann , Ph.D. , who is presenting the work According to the Triple Negative Breast Cancer Foundation , this disease accounts for 15 -- 20 % of all breast cancers . The tumor gets its name from the fact that it tests negative for the estrogen receptor , the progesterone receptor and excess HER2 protein - ; three proteins commonly produced in large amounts by other types of breast cancer . Because triple negative breast cancer lacks these markers , many commonly used breast cancer drugs are n't effective . This is one reason triple negative breast cancer has a poorer prognosis than other forms of the disease , according to the American Cancer Society . To develop a new type of treatment , Callmann , a postdoctoral fellow in the lab of Chad Mirkin , Ph.D. , at Northwestern University , needed to take a different approach from conventional immunotherapies that target a tumor-specific antigen . `` The idea was to take tumor cells , chop them up , feed them to the immune system and let it figure out what to go after on its own , '' Callmann says . Other researchers have tried this approach for different cancers , but they typically administer both the chopped-up tumor cells -LRB- called a lysate -RRB- and a molecule that stimulates the immune system , known as an adjuvant , as a mixture . Instead , the team packaged the lysate and the adjuvant together in a single nanoparticle . The nanoparticle , called a spherical nucleic acid -LRB- SNA -RRB- , contained the lysate inside its core and many copies of a DNA adjuvant radiating from its lipid membrane shell . When the team injected SNAs under the skin of mice , the SNAs traveled to the lymph nodes . There , SNAs entered the cells , released their cargo and stimulated the cells to mount an immune response against antigens in the lysate . Interestingly , a stronger immune response occurred when the researchers incorporated oxidized tumor cell lysates from stressed tumor cells into SNAs . The researchers tested the treatment on mice in which mouse triple negative breast cancer tumors were implanted . Two-thirds of mice receiving SNAs with oxidized lysates experienced complete tumor remission for at least 90 days , whereas all untreated animals died by day 30 . None of the treated mice had obvious side effects or autoimmune responses . The therapy is not yet ready for clinical trials , Callmann says . One of the next steps will be to investigate why the oxidized lysates work better than regular lysates . The team has begun to identify subsets of the lysates that are more immunogenic than others . She notes that a stressed cell could be producing different proteins , or perhaps the oxidizing agent is changing chemical groups on proteins . To get a clearer picture , Callmann plans to conduct a proteomic analysis to identify proteins that differ between oxidized and non-oxidized lysates . The oxidized lysate/SNA approach might prove useful for treating other tumors , as well . `` We have demonstrated that the overall structural presentation of a cancer vaccine or immunotherapeutic , as opposed to simply the identity of the active chemical components , dictates its potency , and this finding is opening doors in the field , '' Mirkin says .", "url": "https://www.news-medical.net/news/20200817/New-type-of-immunotherapy-extends-survival-of-mice-with-triple-negative-breast-tumors.aspx", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.9849501252174377, "Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.016441316748428712, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfiZgG7", "stitle": "Denver , Missouri Man Arrested For Failing To Register As Sex Offender", "seg_title_stem": "Denver , Missouri Man arrest for fail to Register as sex offender", "seg_content": "39 year old Jeremiah C Searles of Denver , Missouri was arrested by Missouri State Patrol Friday afternoon in Worth County on two felony warrants for failing to register as sex offender . Searles was taken to the Worth County Sheriff 's Office .", "url": "https://nodawaybroadcasting.com/2020/08/17/denver-missouri-man-arrested-for-failing-to-register-as-sex-offender/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009873265138433122, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfih4mM", "stitle": "Bubbles strip top seeds of home-team advantage as playoffs begin", "seg_title_stem": "Bubbles strip top seed of home-team advantage as playoff begin", "seg_content": "Without true home-court/ice advantage inside the NBA and NHL bubbles , the Lakers , Bucks , Golden Knights and Flyers earned arguably the least valuable No. 1 seeds ever . Yes , but : Both leagues are still trying to replicate the home team experience , using in-game music coordinators and other elements to make the bubbles feel like homes away from home . By the numbers : NBA `` home '' teams have been slightly better in the bubble -LRB- .562 winning percentage , up from .551 pre-shutdown -RRB- , while NHL `` home '' teams have been slightly worse -LRB- .500 winning percentage , down from .533 -RRB- . What they 're saying : `` Each team submitted warm-up music and walk-in music , and we 'll incorporate certain defensive chants and songs for timeouts , '' says Courtney Benjamin -LRB- aka DJ M.I.L. -RRB- , one of the NBA bubble 's four music coordinators . The NHL is doing similar things inside their arenas , while also ensuring that rules like last change -- wherein the home team gets to respond to the away team 's line change -- remain in play . Between the lines : Given the unprecedented nature of the bubbles , oddsmakers and bettors took a `` wait-and-see '' approach to the restart , gradually adjusting their lines and tactics . Now , the intensity of the postseason -- paired with the lack of a true home atmosphere -- presents a new challenge . `` It 's a unique time , which can be viewed as either an opportunity or a headache . Most professional bettors view it as opportunity , but there 's just so much uncertainty ... and only so much prep work you can do . You learn a bit more about these new situations day by day . '' -- Ben Fawkes , VP of digital content at VSiN Today 's slate : The NBA postseason begins with four games on ESPN , while the NHL playoffs continue with four games on NBCSN . NBA : No. 6 Jazz at No. 3 Nuggets -LRB- 1:30 pm ET -RRB- ; No. 7 Nets at No. 2 Raptors -LRB- 4pm -RRB- ; No. 6 76ers at No. 3 Celtics -LRB- 6:30 pm -RRB- ; No. 7 Mavs at No. 2 Clippers -LRB- 9pm -RRB- . NHL : No. 2 Lightning at No. 7 Blue Jackets , 3pm ET -LRB- TB leads 2-1 -RRB- ; No. 2 Avalanche at No. 7 Coyotes , 5:30 pm -LRB- COL leads 2-1 -RRB- ; No. 4 Bruins at No. 5 Hurricanes , 8pm -LRB- BOS leads 2-1 -RRB- ; No. 4 Blues at No. 5 Canucks , 10:30 pm -LRB- VAN leads 2-1 -RRB- .", "url": "https://www.axios.com/nba-nhl-playoffs-bubbles-home-teams-0d720390-c187-47c3-9be6-79ee5019b55c.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Basketball": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Basketball_NBA": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.287738113899734, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfijlNo", "stitle": "Rebel Wilson Flaunts Bright Yellow Dress On Her Incredible ` Year Of Health ' Transformation", "seg_title_stem": "rebel Wilson flaunt Bright Yellow Dress on she incredible ` year of Health ' transformation", "seg_content": "Rebel Wilson is quite happy about the way her body has transformed , and her joy is evident . The 40-year-old actress showed off her slimmed-down figure on Instagram as she progresses on her weight loss journey . The Pitch Perfect actress has set a goal to lose around 165 pounds before the year 2020 gets completed . She has also been documenting her incredible weight loss journey and sharing her experiences as she modifies her diet and adds even more exercises to her schedule . The actress on Saturday shared a selfie where she was shining bright in a bright yellow sundress that she wore to attend a friend 's wedding . `` Hottest day of the year x Hair & photo : @robertvetica Make-Up : @makeupmatthew Dress : @waynecooperclothing , '' read the caption . View this post on Instagram Hottest day of the year x Hair & photo : @robertvetica Make-Up : @makeupmatthew Dress : @waynecooperclothing A post shared by Rebel Wilson -LRB- @rebelwilson -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 4:59 pm PDT Wilson has also been quite conscious of her diet and her nutrition intake on her impactful weight loss journey . People Magazine revealed that she took a trip to Austria last year and really liked the Maur method diet , which recommends quitting snacking , and puts more focus on breakfast that dinner . The diet also says that practitioners should refrain from gluten and dairy intake and even avoid distractions while eating , such as social media . It also recommends chewing each bite 40 times for proper digestion . The actress has been working with the popular trainer Jono Castano who also revealed how she is managing to knock such milestones . `` And obviously results speak so much when you get someone amazing results -- you know , we talk about Rebel -- a lot of people see that , and they see the quality of work , '' Castano told Yahoo! Lifestyle . The former soccer star and the founder of Acero Training Series also boasted about how he has been helping several celebrities through their weight loss journey and how it all started for him . `` I 've actually been lucky enough to work with a large pool of celebrities ... I guess now , it 's all word of mouth , and it a lot of it comes through social media as well . But when I first started out , it was my kind of reaching out and sliding into people 's DMs and really trying to push to work with those types of people , '' he said . He also spoke about how the celebs enjoy training with him . `` They 're all amazing people , and they 're all killing it in life and killing it in what they do because obviously they 're all hard workers . And I really vibe off that , and I really love seeing that as well , and I love getting that energy from them as well , '' he said . #MOTIVATIONMONDAY : GET THE SCOOP ON HOW JESSICA SIMPSON LOST 70 POUNDS ! The trainer also opened up on how the journey to fitness is for a lot of people . He said : `` Because what tends to happen as well is that a lot of people weigh themselves and they do n't understand why they 're not losing weight , because they 're putting on muscle , and then they 're looking better . `` So , then , that 's why I love to give them that kind of structure , and we take before photos , and every week we add to the photos , so we understand what 's happening and where we 're getting results . ''", "url": "https://okmagazine.com/news/rebel-wilson-year-of-health-weight-loss-transformation-photo/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.9956575036048889}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Fitness": 0.9956575036048889}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.37485324593232877, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'motherfucker': 1}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfj0oWk", "stitle": "TikTok shows security guard get busted for sniffing woman 's butt at the gym", "seg_title_stem": "tiktok show security guard get bust for sniff woman 's butt at the gym", "seg_content": "A viral TikTok shows a security guard at a residential gym get busted after sniffing a woman 's butt during her workout -- not once , not twice , but four times . The clip , uploaded by TikToker @famous_d87 , has been viewed over 3.6 million times . The security guard can be seen walking up to the woman , who 's doing some sort of bent-over cable rows , kneeling down , and smelling her in the middle of her set . As he does so , the two men making the TikTok can be heard laughing and commenting on it . `` Wow , you dirty motherfucker , '' one of them says between laughs . @famous_d87 I 'm only sharing for #awareness #beaware #creeps #nasty #disgusting #fyp #viral # #momsoftiktok #dadsoftiktok #forthegirls #fortheboys #millimeals ♬ original sound -- famous_d87 As if the first transgression were n't disturbing enough , the security guard does this three more times , each time getting closer to the woman and lingering behind her longer . The woman eventually catches him . The TikTok ends just as the security guard falls over and the woman turns around to confront him . The TikTok has received over 7,500 comments , with many people confused as to how the woman did n't notice the guard until his fourth attempt . `` How did she not feel him ?? Especially if he was sniffin , '' @okayyruby asked . @geminiofficial echoed that sentiment : `` How did she not like feel or sense the presence of him the first 3 times ? Lol . '' Other users agreed that the security guard 's behavior constituted assault and the woman would be in the right to press charges . They also slammed the two men who created the video for trivializing the woman 's violation . `` They laughing like it 's so funny . . wait till it happens to either there -LSB- sic -RSB- sisters or daughters , '' @lizheredia0 commented . `` I would be pressing charges this is so unacceptable and dangerous , '' @bethanylovemonkey wrote . `` The fact that these guys are laugh -LSB- sic -RSB- about it makes it so much worse . ''", "url": "https://www.dailydot.com/irl/tiktok-security-guard-sniff-womans-butt-gym/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03871738244484026, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfk51NU", "stitle": "Registered Sex Offender from Christiana , TN and Former Murfreesboro Band Teacher to see new trial after Appeal", "seg_title_stem": "Registered sex offender from Christiana , tn and former Murfreesboro Band teacher to see new trial after appeal", "seg_content": "A Christiana man by the name of LaVar Jernigan who is a convicted sex offender will see a new trial in the future . In 2013 , Jernigan was arrested outside of Hobgood Elementary School and charged with 15 counts each of especially aggravated sexual exploitation of a minor , aggravated sexual exploitation of a minor and sexual exploitation of a minor . After the case went to trial , the former Murfreesboro City Schools band teacher was convicted on six counts of especially aggravated sexual exploitation of a minor . In 2017 , he was sentenced to thirty years in prison . According to the courts , his sentence was scheduled to end in 2044 - ten months before Jernigan turns 67 years old . Despite a reported confession , multiple text messages and photographs , the case will have to go back before the courts . Jernigan filed an appeal saying that the State failed to disclose the existence of a `` notebook '' that contained 6,000 texts between the victim and Jernigan . The appeal shows , `` He additionally argues that trial counsel was ineffective in failing to advise the Petitioner of the existence of the notebook thereby resulting in the Petitioner 's rejection of a four-year offer by the State to settle the case . '' The case against Jernigan was originally opened after a Lawrence County Sheriff 's detective learned a concerned parent at the victim 's school thought the band teacher and the victim were having an inappropriate relationship . After an investigation and arrest , Jernigan pleaded guilty before a Lawrence County court to one count of sexual exploitation of a minor by electronic means and received a two-year sentence to be served on probation . Six months later , he was indicted by a Rutherford County Grand Jury on forty-five charges dealing with his involvement with a teen . The case was investigated in Lawrence County by the Sheriff 's Office and in Rutherford County by the Murfreesboro Police Department . Documents filed on Friday -LRB- August 14 , 2020 -RRB- in the Court of Criminal Appeals of Tennessee state , `` Upon our review , we vacate the Petitioner 's convictions , reverse the judgment of the post-conviction court , and remand this matter for a new trial . '' No new court date has been announced at this point as the reversal of judgement was only filed this past Friday . Source -LRB- s -RRB- : State v. LaVar Jernigan , No . M2016-00507-CCA-R3-CD 2017 WL 1019513 , Tenn. . Crim . App . Mar. 15 , 2017 No . F-71221", "url": "https://www.wgnsradio.com/article/62695/registered-sex-offender-from-christiana-tn-and-former-murfreesboro-band-teacher-to-see-new-trial-after-appeal", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999719858169556}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999719858169556}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3959348925200914, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'topless': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'topless': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfkdSCl", "stitle": "Teacher suspended after appearing topless during Zoom video lesson", "seg_title_stem": "teacher suspend after appear topless during Zoom video lesson", "seg_content": "A teacher has been suspended after he appeared shirtless while taking a online Zoom lesson . Students at Silver Creek High School in San Jose , California , were horrified when the teacher appeared for class half-dressed during the distance-learning lesson on Friday . Makaylah Herrera-Avila , a high-school freshman , logged onto her computer for the maths lesson with 10-15 other students but soon left after his presence made her feel `` uncomfortable '' . `` He seemed really awkward and kind of gave me like a weird vibe , '' Makaylah told ABC7 News . `` And when he was using the camera , it was all shaking around and like , moving everywhere . '' The 13-year-old student snapped a picture of her bare-chested teacher and sent it to her mother , who immediately contacted the school district for answers . The mother has named the teacher as Richard Cabral , a special needs maths educator at the at Silver Creek High . The girl 's mother , Elizabeth Avila said : `` She could n't concentrate on the topic because all she was seeing was this old man on camera in her bedroom . '' Avila said she was told later that the teacher had been placed on administrative leave . Temperatures in northern California have skyrocketed to 39.4 C in recent days and some have speculated that the hot weather may have influenced his decision to go topless . However , Ms Avila demanded the teacher be immediately dismissed from his position in case he engages in further inappropriate behaviour with students . `` This should be one of those zero tolerance-type of things , '' Avila she told the Mercury News reported `` He needs to be out . If he thinks this is OK , what more is going to happen later if we let it slide ? '' Superintendent Chris Funk confirmed the person in the picture was an employee of the school - but declined to release further information . `` I will say that the behavior is unacceptable , unprofessional and violates several district policies , '' Funk said in an email to the East Bay Times . `` This situation is under investigation , '' he continued . `` In situations like this , an employee is immediately placed on administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation . ''", "url": "https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/us-news/teacher-suspended-after-appearing-topless-22534520", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education": 1.0000098943710327}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06068261091145229, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfkjSYr", "stitle": "How many Canadian kids suffer harm linked to vaping and cannabis ?", "seg_title_stem": "how many canadian kid suffer harm link to vaping and cannabis ?", "seg_content": "Canadian pediatricians saw dozens of children and teens harmed by vaping and recreational cannabis last year -- numbers some experts say may underestimate the problem . Yet , when it comes to vaping , many pediatricians remain unsure of how to raise the issue with young patients . Pediatricians reported 88 cases of illness or injury related to vaping over a 12-month period , according to a one-time survey conducted as part of the Canadian Pediatric Surveillance Program . Twenty-two cases required hospitalization and 13 of those hospitalized needed intensive care . The cases captured by the survey probably represent `` the tip of the iceberg , in the sense that not all kids will consult with a pediatrician , '' said principal investigator Dr. Nicholas Chadi , an adolescent and addiction medicine specialist in Montreal . For example , the survey may not capture young people who visited emergency departments because `` many emergency doctors are not pediatricians . '' `` We also did not have a 100 % response rate even amongst pediatricians , '' Chadi said . Among 2693 pediatricians asked to participate in the survey only 1131 -LRB- 42 % -RRB- responded . As such , there may be `` many more '' unreported cases of illness and injury related to vaping . Chadi called the findings an `` important call to action '' for families and health professionals . However , nearly a third of pediatricians surveyed reported feeling somewhat or very uncomfortable discussing vaping-related health risks with patients and their families . Chadi , who completed his pediatric residency four years ago , noted the absence of training on counseling youths about vaping . `` Even today , there are no validated screening tools to ask kids about vaping . I think a large portion of Canadian pediatricians do not know which questions to ask , what to look for , or how to prevent engagement in this behavior , '' he said . Respiratory distress and lung injury , and symptoms of nicotine poisoning , were among the most common harms reported in the survey . In 71 cases where patient outcomes were known , nearly a third of young people suffered ongoing health issues , although the survey did n't cover what those issues comprised . Also concerning are emerging data on vaping and the risk of COVID-19 infection . A Stanford University study released this week found that teens and young adults who use e-cigarettes were five to seven times more likely to test positive for COVID-19 than those who did not vape . `` We do n't know if vaping is a risk factor itself , or if it is because of coughing associated with vaping , '' Chadi said . The Canadian Pediatric Surveillance Program also looked at harm related to recreational cannabis and found 36 cases of severe and life-threatening illness or injury among young people in 2019 . Thirty-four of these patients required hospitalization , six of whom needed intensive care . A third of all cases involved children aged 12 or younger who accidentally consumed edible cannabis products like gummies or chocolates . `` It is concerning and worrisome , '' said study co-lead , Dr. Richard Bélanger . `` These children were not looking to be exposed to cannabis . '' Researchers also identified eight cases of hyperemesis syndrome or severe nausea and vomiting among teens linked to regular ingestion of cannabis edibles . `` Adolescents who consume -LSB- cannabis edibles -RSB- on a regular basis , even about three times a week , -LSB- can -RSB- start vomiting , '' Bélanger said , noting that the syndrome also occurs in adults who regularly consume the products . According to Bélanger , the study did not capture the impact of the legalization of cannabis edibles -LRB- legal products only hit the market late last year -RRB- , but future research will .", "url": "https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-08-canadian-kids-linked-vaping-cannabis.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010627511088581598, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfkmxcd", "stitle": "Video Captures Tuscaloosa Police Department COVID-19 Enforcement on The Strip", "seg_title_stem": "Video Captures Tuscaloosa Police Department COVID-19 Enforcement on the Strip", "seg_content": "Tuscaloosa Police Department Patrol Cars were captured on The Strip Sunday evening , presumably in response to the droves of students lining the streets in an attempt to seek entry into local bars . Tuscaloosa Mayor Walt Maddox pledged Sunday that both the Tuscaloosa Police Department and the Tuscaloosa Fire and Rescue Service would step up their enforcement of State and City ordinances meant to mitigate the spread of the novel Coronavirus . Alabama Governor Kay Ivey 's `` Safer at Home '' order continues through August 31st , and the order includes a mask mandate . Tuscaloosa remains under a State of Emergency as a result of the virus , requiring bars to end service at 9 p.m. nightly and reduce their capacity to 25 % . Classes at the University begin Wednesday , Aug. 19 , with University officials planning to distribute 60,000 face masks to students .", "url": "https://alt1017.com/video-captures-tuscaloosa-police-department-covid-19-enforcement-on-the-strip/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9973995089530945}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9973995089530945}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09234878321129612, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'mexicano': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfl9qIP", "stitle": "Legal Cannabis In Mexico : August 2020 Update", "seg_title_stem": "legal Cannabis in Mexico : August 2020 Update", "seg_content": "This article was originally published on Hoban Law Group , and appears here with permission . Draft of Medical Use Rules Published Finally . On July 27 , 2020 , a draft of secondary rules for medical cannabis in Mexico was submitted by the Secretary of Health -LRB- SSA -RRB- to the National Commission for Regulatory Improvement -LRB- CONAMER -RRB- for the mandatory public consultation and regulatory impact assessment . The rules , titled Rules for the Sanitary Control of the Production , Research and Use of Medical Cannabis and its Pharmacological Derivates -LRB- Reglamento en Materia de Control Sanitario para la Producción , Investigación y Uso Medicinal de la Cannabis y sus Derivados Farmacológicos , and successively referred to as the `` Rules '' -RRB- , come after more than 3 years waiting for this following the 2017 amendments that legalized such uses . These Rules are only intended for medical and research purposes . General Provisions . The stated purpose of the Rules is to establish the `` ... regulation , control , promotion , and sanitary oversight of raw material , molecular compounds , pharmacological derivates and medications with production , scientific , industrial and medical purposes . '' The contemplated research activities only include those for pharmacological and agronomic purposes . As for `` industrial '' use , the term is set with the connotation of production of molecular compounds , pharmacological derivates , and medications ; not as industrial hemp in the broader sense that contemplates its multiple uses . This would contradict the definition set in the general cannabis legalization bill approved by Senate committees last March . There are some definitions worth noting , some of which have generated feedback from industry advocates suggesting improvement , namely : Cannabinoids : Defined as `` organic compounds pertaining to the terpenophenolics group , which include CBD and THC '' -LRB- which , by the way , are the only cannabinoids identified and defined in these rules -RRB- . Cannabis : `` Cannabis sativa , indica and americana or marihuana , its resin , preparations and seeds . '' Hemp : `` Fibrous product elaborated from the male cannabis sativa plant , without flowers or fruits , which does not contain more than 1 % THC . '' CBD : `` Cannabidiol and its acid forms , cannabinoid compound that lacks psychoactive properties . '' The Federal Commission Against the Protection against Sanitary Risks -LRB- COFEPRIS -RRB- will be in charge of implementing and managing the traceability system which shall organize the use of specialized technical tools . This may appear strange to those expecting that it be the Secretary of Agriculture -LRB- or the tax revenue service , for that matter -RRB- , who would normally have the best resources and knowledge to manage this area . In addition to the SSA , the following government agencies will be involved in the application and enforcement of the Rules : National Service for Agro-food Sanitation , Inocuity , and Quality -LRB- SENASICA -RRB- : oversee and promote cannabis sanitation , as well as managing systems to prevent or reduce contamination at the primary production stage in accordance with the Mexican Law of Vegetal Sanitation ; National Service for Seed Inspection and Qualification -LRB- SNICS -RRB- : regulate the production of certified seeds , qualification of seeds and sale of cannabis seeds in accordance with the Federal Law for the Seed Production , Certification , and Commerce ; Secretary of Agriculture -LRB- SADER -RRB- : involved in the review of permits for the importation of seeds , through its various agencies that are under its jurisdictional and operative umbrella ; COFEPRIS : sanitary oversight and control of scientific , industrial and medical use of cannabis in accordance with the General Health Law ; Mexican Tax Revenue Service -LRB- SAT -RRB- : verify compliance with applicable tax provisions , including but not limited to the import and export taxes , and customs procedures , in accordance with the Customs Law , the Health Law , among others ; and Secretary of Economy -LRB- SE -RRB- : intervene in the determination of applicable tariffs that shall be applied to the import and export of cannabis . Generally speaking , the Rules insert the aforementioned uses of cannabis into the Mexican healthcare and sanitary legal framework , perhaps even to the extent of overlapping with other health regulations . Each of the existing government agencies mentioned above is assigned with responsibilities that will now cover the respective stages of production , processing , preparation , importation or exportation , sale , and a prescription for the allowed uses . In other words , no new agencies are created for now , as opposed to the Cannabis Legalization Bill which currently contemplates the creation of the Instituto Mexicano del Cannabis -LRB- Mexican Cannabis Institute -RRB- . For purposes of this summary and consistent with the terminology used in the Rules , an `` establishment '' shall be deemed any of the commercial establishments that are mentioned by Mexico 's General Health Law , the Medical Supply Regulations -LRB- Reglamento de Insumos para la Salud -RRB- or the rules for health care research -LRB- Reglamento de la Ley General de Salud en Materia de Investigacion para la Salud -RRB- . These include medication production facilities or laboratories , pharmacies , drugstores , storage facilities , clinics , and hospitals , among others . Research . A research protocol shall be authorized by COFEPRIS for those parties intending to carry out cannabis research . It is worth noting that the abovementioned secondary rules for health care research will be applicable , which for example , sets forth the requirements and credentials that research professionals must meet . Research done on human beings shall not only follow applicable laws and regulations but also `` good clinical practices '' adopted internationally , which are not clearly defined or identified . The SSA , through COFEPRIS , will lead coordination efforts to maintain a national cannabis research inventory . Production . A permit shall be obtained from SENASICA for cultivation with either research or medication production purposes . SENASICA will keep a National Registry of Cultivation Permits -LRB- Registro Nacional de Permisos de Siembra -RRB- . The list of requirements is provided in the Rules . Cultivation permits may be granted for -LRB- a -RRB- cultivation , grow and harvest ; -LRB- b -RRB- health research ; -LRB- c -RRB- production of molecular compounds , pharmacological derivates and medication ; or -LRB- d -RRB- production of SNICS-certified seed . Cultivation activities shall be carried out within `` physical barriers '' that limit contact with `` people or environment '' . The registration or production of qualified cannabis seeds may be requested into the National Catalogue of Vegetal Varietals -LRB- Catalogo Nacional de Variedades Vegetales -RRB- , provided the requirements set forth in the Rules are met . Expert opinions may be sought in order to verify the varietal 's distinctiveness , homogeneity and stability . A varietal may be registered into a National Program for the Production of Certified Seeds -LRB- Programa Nacional de Produccion de Semillas Calificadas -RRB- by the SNICS . The list of requirements is provided in the Rules . Medical Use . Medical cannabis can only be prescribed by duly licensed medical , homeopathic , and dentist professionals . Their prescriptions must carry a bar code to be obtained by COFEPRIS and the prescription books will be subject to strict control and patient information recording practices . International travel passengers -LRB- Mexican nationals or foreigners -RRB- who require cannabis medication use shall carry and present the special , bar code-bearing , prescription with signature by the medical professional , or such be the case , the permit , or authorization by the foreign nation 's authority . Pharmacies , drug stores and establishments that provide diagnosis and treatment services will be subject to strict compliance requirements , starting with those set for by the existing sanitary control and health care regulations . Industrial Use . As hinted above , cannabis raw material is defined as `` ... cannabis seeds , seedlings , propagative vegetative material , stem , leaves or inflorescences , necessary for the production of molecular compounds , pharmacological derivates or medication '' . Establishments who process , import , export , or use raw material shall keep control books authorized by COFEPRIS and integrate a Custody and Safeguard Security System . Production facilities , processing laboratories or storage organizations that handle cannabis as raw material , molecular compounds , or medication can only sell it to establishments that hold the corresponding sanitary licenses , such as hospitals , pharmacies , and distributors . Cannabis in homeopathic medications will only be allowed if presented diluted and dynamized . Cannabis -LRB- natural or synthetic -RRB- is not allowed in herbal remedies . Import and Export of Raw Material and Medication . Raw material , molecular compounds , pharmacological derivates , and medications can be imported . Establishments seeking to import cannabis as raw material shall prove to COFEPRIS that such material is legally allowed in the country of origin . On the other hand , only pharmacological derivates and medications can be exported . In order to obtain a permit for seed import with research and industrial purposes under the Rules , SADER will publish the mandatory phytosanitary requirements . The Rules provide in this corresponding section the detailed requirements and logistics that will apply to the importation process of molecular compounds , pharmacological derivates , and medications . The process includes prior notices to the port of entry customs office , sampling , import documents to be delivered , and storage facility requirements . For the importation of medication intended for personal use , COFEPRIS will be the agency with the authority to issue the corresponding permit . Applicants will submit the current medical prescription that includes the medical professional 's license number and details of the product and quantity . Import Authorizations . SENASICA will issue the phytosanitary import certificates for botanic seed for cultivation , seedlings for cultivation , and vegetative propagative material . Such certificates will be issued under guidelines aimed at preventing entry of plagues or other similar hazards . Once raw material enters the country , it shall be mobilized to facilities where confined cultivation is allowed under strict custody and control responsibilities . Establishments for Medical Attention . Medical care services that result in the supply or prescription of cannabis medications can be provided in establishments that meet the corresponding requirements for operation . Each such establishment shall have a responsible individual who will be in charge of maintaining compliance with a list of reporting , safety , control , and record keeping obligations . Licenses granted by COFEPRIS for these establishments shall have a duration of 2 years . Read the original Article on Hoban Law Group .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17087530/legal-cannabis-in-mexico-august-2020-update", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0402929066784964, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WflCpCo", "stitle": "ESPN analyst and N.J. native Dick Vitale has a strange family connection to Rutgers ' Greg Schiano", "seg_title_stem": "ESPN analyst and N.J. native Dick Vitale have a strange family connection to Rutgers ' Greg Schiano", "seg_content": "Greg Schiano , diaper dandy ? Oh , what could have been . NBC Sports ' Peter King interviewed Dick Vitale last week at the ESPN analyst 's home in Tampa , Fla. . Among the nuggets King pulled from his conversation with Vitale was this gem : `` In high school -LRB- Garfield , N.J. -RRB- , he had a mad crush on the girl who would become Greg Schiano 's mom . '' While you let that sink in for a moment , here 's some background on Vitale 's New Jersey roots . Sign up for Rutgers Sports Insider : Get exclusive news , behind-the-scenes observations and the ability to text message directly with beat writers Vitale , who was born in Passaic , grew up in East Rutherford and went to East Rutherford High before enrolling at Seton Hall . As the New York Times reports , Vitale 's basketball life also started in the Garden State His coaching career began in 1962 at Lincoln School in Garfield , N.J. . He won two New Jersey state championships at East Rutherford High School , and had a career record of 131‐47 . Vitale was the Rutgers assistant coach who recruited Phil Sellers and Mike Dabney , two players who led the Scarlet Knights to 31 straight victories and a trip to the National Collegiate tournament final in 1975‐76 . By then , Vitale had moved to the University of Detroit , having been passed over for the head job at Rutgers , a job for which he said he had begged . Fast forward more than 40 years and Vitale 's coaching failures are transcended by a broadcasting career which has seen him inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . But as he told NJ Advance Media 's Steve Politi in March , the Scarlet Knights remain near and dear to Vitale . He believes Rutgers ' biggest obstacle to success has been itself . He looks at the why-not-us attitude from football coach Greg Schiano and wonders why that approach has never taken hold in the entire athletic department . In his words : `` When I came there , I thought the problem was very simple , '' Vitale said . `` There 's always been a mentality of mediocrity at Rutgers . They never felt like they could compete with the big guys . I remember coming in there and saying , ` Look , I did n't give up a pretty good job -LRB- at East Rutherford High -RRB- to come here to be chasing guys who want to beat low-level Division 1 teams . ' `` You ca n't tell me that I ca n't find two big-time players a year . That 's eight players ! You mean to tell me I ca n't find eight big-time players ? And I really set myself on an intense and emotional work-ethic in chasing the best . Guys like Phil Sellers , Mike Dabney . And we got ` em . Look at what happened with those kids . `` It 's great academically , you 're in a great location , you 've got Madison Square Garden to sell . It used to get me so annoyed when I said I was going to go after a kid and different people said , ` Dick , we 're Rutgers . We 're Rutgers . ' And that 's the problem ! `` When you think you 're mediocre , you 're going to be mediocre . When you think you 're special , you 'll be special . That 's what I love about Greg Schiano . He believes they 're going to be special . You can feel it with his words , you can feel it with his emotion and his passion , and you 've got to do that . I think Steve -LRB- Pikiell -RRB- is doing a good job with that as well . '' Get Rutgers Sports text messages : Cut through the clutter of social media and text directly with the beat writers . Plus , exclusive news and analysis every day . Sign up now . Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust . Please consider supporting NJ.com with a voluntary subscription . Mike Rosenstein may be reached at mrosenstein@njadvancemedia.com . Tell us your coronavirus story or send a tip here .", "url": "https://www.nj.com/rutgersbasketball/2020/08/espn-analyst-and-nj-native-dick-vitale-has-a-strange-family-connection-to-rutgers-greg-schiano.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9900674223899841}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Basketball": 0.6273627281188965}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Basketball_Other": 0.6273627281188965}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.016415305098122935, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WflaJc2", "stitle": "Barbarians at the Gate : Institutions are Buying U.S. Cannabis Stocks", "seg_title_stem": "barbarian at the gate : institution be buy U.S. Cannabis stock", "seg_content": "-LSB- Todd Harrison is the CIO and co-founder of CB1 Capital and a columnist for Investopedia . The views expressed herein are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Investopedia . -RSB- The second half of 2020 began on a positive note for cannabis stocks as the Bloomberg Global Cannabis Competitive Peers Index gained 3.5 % in July . While the benchmark remains 26.5 % below where it started the year , we believe that March was a cyclical bottom within a secular bull market for the cannabis industry and U.S. operators will drive the next phase of growth . The industry 's struggles are well-known . The lack of retail distribution in Canada , the FDA , tax and banking hurdles in the U.S. , and illicit-market cannibalization on both sides of the border were just some of the headwinds ; but when Pershing decided they would no longer custody cannabis-related securities into last year-end , the final cleanse was set to commence . At the March 2020 nadir , the BI Global Cannabis Competitive Peers index had lost 92 % of its value from the sector top in January 2018 . That 's when COVID-19 arrived as a positive catalyst and crystallized the need for a legal cannabis industry and the tax-revenue and jobs that come with it ; social justice initiatives also emerged to help shape the narrative . As recently discussed , our base-case bull thesis is predicated on the continued legalization of cannabis at the state level . South Dakota , Montana , Arizona and New Jersey will vote on adult-use referenda in a few months , with New Jersey widely perceived to be the trigger for New York , Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Rhode Island to adopt similar measures . Regulatory arbitrages offer additional upside , including the specter of a blue Senate or sweep , and the `` Biden plan , '' which would benefit existing U.S. multi-state -LRB- MSO -RRB- operators and pave the way for further expansion and scale . Legislation providing `` safe harbor '' for commercial banks to conduct business with cannabis companies is also half-way through Congress . The cannabis industry is asking for one thing : a level playing field . Hemp farmers want FDA guidelines so they can monetize their crop ; dispensaries want to accept credit cards and make bank deposits ; scientists want to research the plant to solve medical riddles ; and more than anything , companies need access to capital so they can fund operations and pay staff . Given federal treatment of cannabis as a Schedule I narcotic , U.S. operators are n't listed on the major U.S. exchanges and most banks wo n't custody cannabis-related securities . That has left insiders , operators and Canadian retail to push those stocks around for the last two years . U.S. investors were largely unaware of the burgeoning sector , and most were unable to access it . In late July , we discovered that U.S. institutions began to accumulate U.S. cannabis stocks on behalf of their clients . That may not sound like a big deal but for the ardent industry followers among us , it 's seismic . We 've long spoken about the perception of cannabis as an asset class shifting from denial to migration , and that being driven by a thundering herd of U.S. investors . Putnam Investments LLC , the Boston-based investment manager with more than $ 183 billion of AUM , emerged as a front-page holder of 4Front Ventures , a U.S. MSO , last month , according to Bloomberg . As of June 30 , Putnam owned six million shares , or 5 % of the outstanding float ; and as we began to further explore the recent filings , we found that they were n't alone . Wasatch Advisors Inc. , the Utah-based asset manager , is now the second largest holder of Cresco Labs Inc. and an investor in Green Thumb Industries , both Chicago-based MSOs , while Fidelity Investments is an investor in Curaleaf , the Wakefield , Massachusetts-based MSO . An industry insider recently confirmed to me that , `` big institutional investors are buying big slugs , quietly . '' While these institutions ' compliance officers could change their minds about allowing access to the sector , the more likely read is that when you see an elephant or two , the herd is n't far behind . Legitimate growth at reasonable multiples with an expanding total addressable market would excite any investor but for small-cap growth managers , it 's their lifeblood ; and those animal spirits have now been unleashed . As other portfolio managers await approval from upstairs , Advisor Shares announced plans to launch an exchange-traded fund -LRB- ETF -RRB- focused on U.S. multistate operators as early as month-end . If successful , it would create the first NYSE-listed vehicle that provides pure exposure to U.S. cannabis stocks and it could channel much-needed liquidity into the space . There 's no denying that challenges remain for the sector , the markets and the world at large ; and yes , the pandemic disrupted life as we knew it . But in time , as history reflects on 2020 , we believe the emergence of the U.S. cannabis industry as an economic driver and job creator will be seen as one of the most important and positive progressions of this era . Disclosure : CB1 Capital Management has positions in the stocks mentioned .", "url": "https://www.investopedia.com/barbarians-at-the-gate-institutions-are-buying-u-s-cannabis-stocks-5075004", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 0.894274890422821}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 0.894274890422821}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.20909120552376123, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wflgry8", "stitle": "U-M Poll : Half of Parents Butt Heads With Grandparents , 1 In 7 Limit Exposure", "seg_title_stem": "U-M Poll : half of parent Butt head with grandparent , 1 in 7 Limit exposure", "seg_content": "-LRB- WWJ -RRB- Are your family events stressful ? A new national poll from the University of Michigan 's Mott Children 's Hospital shows you 're not alone . Nearly half of parents and grandparents disagree on parenting rules . The survey of more than 2,000 parents with kids 18 and under shows some disputes lead to parents limiting the amount of time their kids see with certain grandparents . The most common disputes between involve discipline , meals and TV or screen time . Manners , safety -- yes , car seats are necessary -- and bedtimes are also issues between parents and grandparents . The polls co-director , Sarah Clark , grandparents play a special role in children 's lives and can be an important resource for parents through support , advice and babysitting , so if grandparents contradict or interfere with parenting choices , it can have a serious strain on the relationship . Clark says the research shows some disagreements stem from intergenerational differences and the bigger the conflict , the less likely grandparents were to budge . One in seven parents go so far as to limit the amount of time their child sees certain grandparents , finds the C.S. Mott Children 's Hospital National Poll on Children 's Health at Michigan Medicine . `` If grandparents contradict or interfere with parenting choices , it can have a serious strain on the relationship , '' Mott Poll co-director Sarah Clark says . Disputes most commonly involve discipline -LRB- 57 % -RRB- , meals -LRB- 44 % -RRB- , and TV/screen time -LRB- 36 % . -RRB- Other thorny subjects : manners , safety and health , bedtime , treating some grandchildren differently than others and sharing photos or information on social media . `` Grandparents play a special role in children 's lives and can be an important resource for parents through support , advice and babysitting . But they may have different ideas about the best way to raise the child and that can cause tension , '' says Mott Poll co-director Sarah Clark . `` If grandparents contradict or interfere with parenting choices , it can have a serious strain on the relationship . '' Discipline was the biggest source of contention . Among parents who report major or minor disagreements , 40 % say grandparents are too soft on the child , and 14 % say grandparents are too tough . Nearly half of parents say disagreements arise from grandparents being both too lenient and overly harsh . `` Parents may feel that their parental authority is undermined when grandparents are too lenient in allowing children to do things that are against family rules , or when grandparents are too strict in forbidding children to do things that parents have okayed , '' Clark says . In many cases , parents have tried to get grandparents to be more respectful of their parenting choices and household rules . These requests have mixed results : while about half of grandparents made a noticeable change in their behavior to be more consistent with how parents do things , 17 % outright objected . `` Whether grandparents cooperated with a request or not was strongly linked to parents ' description of disagreements as major or minor , '' Clark says . `` The bigger the conflict , the less likely grandparents were to budge . '' Parents who said that grandparents refused such a request were also more likely to put limits on the amount of time their child spent with them . `` Parents who reported major disagreements with grandparents were also likely to feel that the conflicts had a negative impact on the relationship between the child and the grandparent , '' Clark says . There are lessons to be learned here , and it 's not just about banning cookies for breakfast or staying up until midnight at grandma 's house . `` These findings indicate that grandparents should strive to understand and comply with parent requests to be more consistent with parenting choices - not only to support parents in the difficult job of raising children , but to avoid escalating the conflict to the point that they risk losing special time with grandchildren . ''", "url": "https://wwjnewsradio.radio.com/articles/poll-half-of-parents-report-butting-heads-with-grands", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Society_Relationships": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Society_Relationships_Family": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05069274771173418, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wflxehi", "stitle": "Canopy Growth Will Be Discussing Social Justice Initiatives In The Cannabis Industry", "seg_title_stem": "canopy growth will be discuss Social Justice Initiatives in the Cannabis industry", "seg_content": "Do n't miss this opportunity to connect with THE cannabis movers and shakers from across the globe during Benzinga 's Virtual Cannabis Capital Conference on August 18 . Among the attendees is Canopy Growth . The legal cannabis industry is on the rise . Some of this success due in part to cannabis being deemed essential during the pandemic . Yet , even though the cannabis industry is becoming more widely accepted , it is estimated that there are still 40,000 Americans incarcerated today for marijuana-related offenses . One job of the cannabis industry to help drive social justice initiatives during a time where cannabis is legal in 33 states and has been deemed essential in more than 20 states . One company that is working towards this initiative is Canopy Growth Corp -LRB- NYSE : CGC -RRB- . Canopy Growth is a diversified cannabis , hemp and cannabis device company , that offers distinct brands and curated cannabis varieties in dried , oil and Softgel capsule forms , as well as medical devices . Chief Advocacy Officer at Canopy Growth Hilary Black will be speaking at Benzinga 's upcoming Cannabis Capital Conference to discuss various social equity initiatives , how they intersect with diversity and inclusion in Midwest markets , and the challenges on how these initiatives are defined and implemented . She will also be highlighting Canopy 's social justice activities with partners such as Cage-Free Cannabis and Expungement Week . National Expungement Week consists of a series of events across the U.S. that help to provide legal relief and expungement for the 77 million Americans with a criminal record . Black is responsible for driving patient advocacy efforts worldwide . She is in charge of executing the company 's social purpose strategy including social justice initiatives and co-leading the implementation of best practices for diversity & inclusion . Her career has taken her from `` black market medical cannabis renegade '' to the first female c-suite executive at one of the largest public cannabis companies . `` For too long , the prohibition of cannabis has been a tool of oppression that disproportionately targets marginalized people , '' said Black . `` At Canopy Growth , we 're applying our human and financial resources toward reforming federal and state cannabis regulations , fighting unjust incarceration , clearing records and providing patients and veterans with access to this essential form of healthcare . '' To learn more about Canopy Growth , you can sign up for the Benzinga Virtual Cannabis Capital Conference by clicking here . Photo by Esteban Lopez on Unsplash", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17121177/canopy-growth-will-be-discussing-social-justice-initiatives-in-the-cannabis-industry", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02960398109492204, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfmP3tp", "stitle": "Pandemic Produces Record Weed Sales In Illinois", "seg_title_stem": "Pandemic produce Record Weed sale in Illinois", "seg_content": "July cannabis sales in Illinois hit $ 61 million , which is up from $ 47.6 million in June and $ 44.3 million in May . And , as long as we 're talking numbers here , marijuana sales in Illinois have totaled more than $ 300 million since the start of the year , with July having the most sales of any month , according to the folks who tally up the numbers at the Illinois Department of Finance and Professional Regulation and New Frontier Data . Having never visited a marijuana dispensary , I was somewhat surprised to learn that regulators think one of the reasons for the uptick in sales is that many dispensaries went to an `` online ordering '' format to cut down on the amount of people standing in line . I 'm told that 's what 's happening here in Rockford , despite the fact that when I drive by Sunnyside Cannabis Dispensary at 2696 McFarland Road , I still see some large groups of people waiting in line . Another reason for a more robust sales month in July might be that people are spending more per visit than they did at the first of the year when recreational weed became legal . At that time , the first 3 months of the year , the average customer was dropping about $ 126.00 . In April , May , and June , that number went up to $ 150.00 . Some people have a different reason for an increase in spending on marijuana , NBC-5 Chicago : Katie Johnston-Smith , 33 , who was feeling `` a good , healthy amount of panic '' at the beginning of the pandemic , has started using marijuana a few times a week compared to a couple times a month . Experts say she is not the only one . Many people have chosen marijuana as a way to decrease anxiety brought on by the pandemic . `` It was pretty nice because it did help me mellow out , '' Johnston-Smith said . `` I was like , ` Oh , this is way better than mellowing out with a glass of wine . `''", "url": "https://1440wrok.com/pandemic-produces-record-weed-sales-in-illinois/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07406301505695974, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfmaGxs", "stitle": "Strip Loses Its Grip : Stabbing At Venetian , Shooting At ` Welcome ' Sign", "seg_title_stem": "Strip lose its grip : stab at Venetian , shooting at ` welcome ' sign", "seg_content": "LAS VEGAS -LRB- AP -RRB- -- A man is hospitalized in critical condition after he was stabbed multiple times at the Venetian . Las Vegas Police investigate stabbing at Venetian hotel and casino - FOX5 Las Vegas https://t.co/Zr8W5R0JC9 pic.twitter.com/IGlUdunVtg -- Nathan Johnson -LRB- @ExecutiveHostLV -RRB- August 17 , 2020 Las Vegas Metropolitan Police said they received reports of the stabbing about 11 p.m. Saturday . When officers arrived at the scene , police said they found a man with multiple stab wounds . The name , age and hometown of the victim was n't immediately released . Police said they 're trying to determine what led up to the attack . So far , no one 's in custody . After that incident , one person was shot at the Welcome To Fabulous Las Vegas sign early Sunday after an argument broke out over who 's turn it was to take a picture in front of the landmark . The person who was wounded was n't a part of either group , but ended up getting shot in the knee . A man was shot this morning after an argument over whose turn it was for a photo in front of the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign . https://t.co/qvOpHFcfgU -- Willy Allison -LRB- @WillyJAllison -RRB- August 17 , 2020 No arrests have been reported from that .", "url": "https://kxnt.radio.com/articles/news/stabbing-at-venetian-shooting-at-welcome-sign", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012754631936751654, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfmsA1k", "stitle": "Firefighters douse flames , pull cats from smoke at 4th Street strip mall", "seg_title_stem": "firefighter douse flame , pull cat from smoke at 4th Street strip mall", "seg_content": "It took Long Beach firefighters about a half-hour this morning to put out flames in one unit of a strip mall on Fourth Street . Police officers responding to an alarm and called in firefighters just after 3 a.m. to the strip mall on Fourth Street near Temple Avenue , said Long Beach Fire Department Capt. Jack Crabtree . Flames were out about 3:30 a.m. Firefighters managed to contain the flames to the unit of origin but heavy smoke got into a veterinary business next door and firefighters removed at least two cats from the smoke and turned them over to animal control officers , Crabtree said . Arson investigators were summoned to the scene , he said . No injuries were reported . Support our journalism . Hyperlocal news is an essential force in our democracy , but it costs money to keep an organization like this one alive , and we ca n't rely on advertiser support alone . That 's why we 're asking readers like you to support our independent , fact-based journalism . We know you like it -- that 's why you 're here . Help us keep hyperlocal news alive in Long Beach .", "url": "https://lbpost.com/news/firefighters-douse-flames-pull-cats-from-smoke-at-4th-street-strip-mall", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000072717666626}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000072717666626}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.092626447396119, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfmwZhp", "stitle": "Sex , drug offenders dot this week 's Most Wanted List", "seg_title_stem": "sex , drug offender dot this week 's most want list", "seg_content": "MANSFIELD -- Authorities are seeking four fugitives with Mansfield ties as part of the Most Wanted list compiled by the Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force in the Richland County division for the week of Aug. 17 . Jeffery Siron , 31 , is 6-foot-3 , 170 pounds with blonde hair and blue eyes . He is wanted for failure to register as a sex offender . Officials say he has ties to the Mansfield area . Jason Ryder , 23 , is 6-foot , 182 pounds with blonde hair and blue eyes . He is sought for failure to provide a change of address . Authorities say he has ties to Mansfield , Elyria and Lorain . Jerome Clemons , 42 , is 5-foot-9 , 168 pounds with black hair and brown eyes . He is wanted for a parole violation on an original charge of possession of drugs . Officials say he has ties to the Mansfield area . Dontarius Sylvester , 23 , is 5-foot-7 , 270 pounds , with black hair and brown eyes . He is wanted for possession of dangerous drugs . Authorities say he has ties to the Mansfield area . Anyone with information on the whereabouts of any of these fugitives is asked to call the Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force at 419-774-3565 or 1-866-4-WANTED . People also can text the keyword `` WANTED '' and send a tip to 847411 , or visit www.usmarshals.gov/district/oh-n/fugitives . Reward money is available , but tipsters also can remain anonymous .", "url": "https://www.richlandsource.com/news/sex-drug-offenders-dot-this-weeks-most-wanted-list/article_d7bc9aae-e096-11ea-a53b-0bbf04f9b226.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.213233412270338, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfmxiEd", "stitle": "10 Natural Weed Killers & Suppressors", "seg_title_stem": "10 natural weed Killers & Suppressors", "seg_content": "Weeds are a human construction . Plants are plants , each with its own purpose , proclivities , and problems , but for some reason , at some point in time , some plants become recognized as weeds . Truth be known , dandelions were imported to the US as a salad green , but they 've been so successful , popped up uninvited -LRB- and stayed -RRB- in so many lawns and gardens , that they 've become weeds . And , that 's the case with many weeds . Kudzu , the scourge of the Deep South , is actually a delicious , highly nutritious vegetable in Japan , and grazing animals love to it for a snack or meal . But , if given room to run , it will do so voraciously . That 's when some plants can become a problem . We might not want purslane or thistle outcompeting our tomato plants for vital nutrients . We might not want wood sorrel or blackberry brambles taking over the sidewalk . Now , for those of us worried about the environment , we 'd probably think twice about dousing this demonstrative shrubbery with chemicals . But , that is n't to say there are some places we 'd rather not see poison ivy or plantain popping up . In those instances , we 've got to go natural with our solutions , but we 've also got to see results . It 's totally doable . Weed Killers The worst-case scenario is that it 's already too late to prevent a weed problem . They are popping up in the driveway . They are taking over the sidewalks . They are encroaching on places where weeds -- plants ! -- were never meant to be . They just have to go , finito , dead . Here are some foolproof natural options : Vinegar is the most versatile of the options . Used neat , it will kill just about anything down to the roots . Or , it can be watered down if the weed issue is n't all that severe . It will keep them at bay for a time , but it does n't permanently ruin the ground for all plants . Boiling water is a great option for immediate results , and it is even gentler than vinegar in terms of lingering effects . That said , whatever weed has been weeded by boiling water is likely to reemerge in the same spot later in the season . Salt should be used with extreme caution . Once a stretch of ground is salted , it is n't friendly to botanical life for some time . However , in the case of a driveway or gravel walkway , it is an effective permanent solution to unwanted plant life . Weed Suppressers Preferably , as with our own health , we can take preventative measures to curb weeds before than become an issue . While plastic sheeting and landscape fabric is often the go-to here , there are some natural , biodegradable options that might feel better for the applier and the applied upon : Old Sheets -LRB- 100 % Cotton , Linen , or Other Natural Material -RRB- are a fantastic long-term weed suppresser , something that might go under a patio or gravel walkway . It 'll be there for years without allowing weeds to grow . Cardboard is an ideal weed suppressor for garden beds , particularly vegetable beds . It will keep weeds at bay for the season , and at the same time , it attracts earthworms , which love to eat it . Next year , just add a new layer of cardboard and mulch over the top of it . Newspaper works much the same as cardboard , but for it to be of much use , several layers are required . Nevertheless , for those with easy access to newspapers , a stack about 10-12 layers thick can work wonders in the veggie patch . Mulch , be it straw or wood or leaves , both snuff out weeds before they get going and reinvigorates gardens with nutrients . Pair a good 3-4 inch layer of mulch with some cardboard or newspaper and it 'll be fairly maintenance free garden for the year . Other plants are actually fantastic for getting rid of weeds . If we stuff our gardens so full of the stuff we want that weeds do n't have space to grow , well , they 'll be less likely to grow . This works great for both ornamental and edible gardens . New Mindset For many of us , a weed is a weed , and that 's the way the world is . But , for those of us who can get past that mindset , weeds can actually become an ally . Imagine being happy to see weeds wriggling into the garden or along the fence line . Composting , as we all know , is a great asset to the garden . It provides fertility and inoculates valuable life into the soil . For those of us who can see weeds as a composting opportunity , the act of weeding the garden becomes gratifying rather than arduous . Eating weeds is another great option for getting rid of them . When purslane or lambsquarter becomes part of dinner , there is suddenly less drive to eradicate them . In fact , one may even find themselves cultivating and nurturing tasty , nutritious weeds . In short , there is really never a right time to go for the round-up . Instead , we have to learn to look for the right options and make the most of what we 've got and what the world provides . Weeds do n't have to problem . They never were until humans decided it was so . For more Animal , Earth , Life , Vegan Food , Health , and Recipe content published daily , subscribe to the One Green Planet Newsletter ! Lastly , being publicly-funded gives us a greater chance to continue providing you with high-quality content . Please consider supporting us by donating !", "url": "https://www.onegreenplanet.org/lifestyle/10-natural-weed-killers-suppressors/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000081062316895}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 1.0000081062316895}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.053958438707492104, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfn9QXb", "stitle": "Pandemic Produces Record Weed Sales In Illinois", "seg_title_stem": "Pandemic produce Record Weed sale in Illinois", "seg_content": "July cannabis sales in Illinois hit $ 61 million , which is up from $ 47.6 million in June and $ 44.3 million in May . And , as long as we 're talking numbers here , marijuana sales in Illinois have totaled more than $ 300 million since the start of the year , with July having the most sales of any month , according to the folks who tally up the numbers at the Illinois Department of Finance and Professional Regulation and New Frontier Data . Having never visited a marijuana dispensary , I was somewhat surprised to learn that regulators think one of the reasons for the uptick in sales is that many dispensaries went to an `` online ordering '' format to cut down on the amount of people standing in line . Another reason for a more robust sales month in July might be that people are spending more per visit than they did at the first of the year when recreational weed became legal . At that time , the first 3 months of the year , the average customer was dropping about $ 126.00 . In April , May , and June , that number went up to $ 150.00 . Some people have a different reason for an increase in spending on marijuana , NBC-5 Chicago : Katie Johnston-Smith , 33 , who was feeling `` a good , healthy amount of panic '' at the beginning of the pandemic , has started using marijuana a few times a week compared to a couple times a month . Experts say she is not the only one . Many people have chosen marijuana as a way to decrease anxiety brought on by the pandemic . `` It was pretty nice because it did help me mellow out , '' Johnston-Smith said . `` I was like , ` Oh , this is way better than mellowing out with a glass of wine . `''", "url": "https://krna.com/pandemic-produces-record-weed-sales-in-illinois/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02515959841008993, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfnE6wG", "stitle": "Man Allegedly Caught With Meth Pipe , Marijuana And THC Vape Cartridge", "seg_title_stem": "man allegedly caught with Meth Pipe , Marijuana and THC Vape Cartridge", "seg_content": "Deputies arrested a 37-year-old man who allegedly tried to use a prosthetic limb to hide marijuana was also found in possession of a methamphetamine pipe , marijuana cigarette and THC vape cartridge . He was also charged with criminal mischief after reportedly pulling on the door handle of a patrol vehicle so hard in an attempt to escape that the handle broke , deputies alleged in arrest reports . Hopkins County Sheriff ` s officers reported seeing a gray Chevrolet Metro approach a stop sign on Loop 301 at Industrial Drive . The high-mounted brake light was n't working , so the sheriff 's officers initiated a stop on Aug. 14 on the north Interstate 30 service road at College Street , according to arrest reports . Upon contact with the drive , the man driving claimed to be headed to the library , but could n't or would n't say why , Investigator Wade Sheets and Deputy Jason Lavender alleged in arrest reports . The man allegedly showed signs of nervousness , including heartbeat visible through is shirt and on the left side of his neck , and the muscles under his eye twitching . The man was reportedly untruthful when asked about any criminal history . After exiting the vehicle , the allegedly claimed he did n't have anything illegal on him or in the vehicle . A pat down , which the sheriff 's officer reported the man agreed to , allegedly something in his waistband . The man , identified in arrest reports as Dandrae Bernard Hanspard , allegedly attempted to pull away from the sheriff 's office , and after being placed against a vehicle , admitted to having a methamphetamine pipe in a glasses case in his waistband . The item was retrieved . A search of the vehicle yielded a marijuana cigarette , which was destroyed at the roadside , Sheets and Lavender alleged in arrest reports . When a second officer arrived to assist , the 37-year-old man 's prosthetic arm was taken off . The arm upon first contact by that officer was laying int he man 's lap . On second contact , the man had allegedly put the arm back on . Between the rubber cushion for the prosthetic and the arm was another bag that allegedly contained marijuana . A THC cartridge was also reportedly found in the vehicle . Hanspard , who reportedly refused to give officer his address or city of residence , was taken into custody for possession of less than 1 gram of a Penalty Group 1 controlled substance and possession of less than 2 ounces of marijuana . On the way to the jail , Hanspard reportedly unbuckled his seat belt , then , told the sheriff 's officer he was going to get out of the patrol truck and bolt . He allegedly began kicking at the vehicle 's windows and followed that up by pulling on the patrol vehicle 's door handle to the point the handle broke , resulting in an additional charge for criminal mischief , sheriff 's officers alleged in arrest reports . Upon arrival at the sheriff 's office , the man allegedly refused to answer any questions he was asked by jail staff and refused to comply with any orders or directives given by jail staff , and became aggressive toward jail staff . Consequently , Hanspard was placed into a violent cell . The car was impounded . The suspected THC cartridge field-tested positive for THC oil , according to arrest reports . The 37-year-old man remained in Hopkins County jail Monday morning , Aug. 17 , on all three charges , according to jail reports . The Hopkins County Sheriff ` s Office is located at 298 Rosemont St. , Sulphur Springs , TX 75482 . Non-emergency calls can be made to -LRB-903-RRB- 438-4040 . If you have an emergency , dial 9-1-1 .", "url": "https://www.ksstradio.com/2020/08/man-allegedly-caught-with-meth-pipe-marijuana-and-thc-vape-cartridge/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999845027923584}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999845027923584}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.018461998396504618, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfnHifE", "stitle": "Obituary : Bruce Flanders , Longtime Grand Prix Voice", "seg_title_stem": "Obituary : Bruce Flanders , longtime Grand Prix Voice", "seg_content": "Bruce Flanders , the longtime voice of the Grand Prix of Long Beach , passed away last Friday at the age of 75 . Flanders had been the official race announcer for the race since 1978 , with an energetic and enthusiastic voice that became synonymous with the sunshine and excitement of Long Beach 's signature event . `` The ` Voice of the Grand Prix ' has been silenced , '' said the Grand Prix of Long Beach organizers in a statement . There are so many Grand Prix moments that Bruce was a part of . We will miss him and never forget his melodious voice on race days . '' Flanders suffered from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- . Flanders got his flowers from the Grand Prix organizers while he was still around to smell them -- he was inducted into the Long Beach Motorsports Walk of Fame in 2016 . Flanders was well-known to race fans around Southern California as the announcer at the Irwindale Speedway , Costa Mesa Speedway , the Industry Speedway , and other events . Long Beach race fans ' affection for him was obvious in the comment section on the Grand Prix 's Facebook post about his passing . `` So sad , '' wrote Lisa Flaker Alcantara . `` Like the retirement of Vin Scully . Some voices just belong . '' Flanders was a Vietnam war veteran who 'd been suffering for COPD for more than a decade , and had to use an oxygen tank while announcing the 2019 race , the last he would call due to COVID-19 canceling the 2020 edition . Flanders ' love of racing led to a short career on the track , as he set a speed record at the Bonneville Salt Flats , a record that stood for seven years .", "url": "https://www.the562.org/2020/08/17/obituary-bruce-flanders-longtime-grand-prix-voice/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9579639434814453}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 0.9579639434814453}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7866792987399079, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfnKfuQ", "stitle": "Jenny McCarthy Shows Off Deep Cleavage In Low-Cut Black Dress Alongside Husband Donnie Wahlberg", "seg_title_stem": "Jenny McCarthy show off deep cleavage in low-cut black Dress alongside Husband Donnie Wahlberg", "seg_content": "Jenny McCarthy showed off her deep cleavage in a low-cut black dress as she stood alongside handsome husband Donnie Wahlberg in a new Instagram upload . The post was meant to honor the legendary teen idol and Blue Bloods star for his birthday , but fans could n't stop talking about how spectacular the Sirius XM podcast host looked in the image . The gorgeous couple stood alongside one another in the pic . Jenni wore a stunning , black dress . The garment was seen from the waist up . It was unclear if the garment had a long or short bottom . The top of the garment wrapped around the former MTV star 's neckline and was cut way down to the lower part of her breasts . She paired that with a long gold chain that fell into her cleavage , and its pendant was in the shape of a heart . Jenny sported gold hoop earrings . Her platinum blond hair was fashioned into an old-Hollywood style . It featured a deep side part on the right side of her scalp and fell into loose waves that landed just past her right shoulder . Her body glowed with what appeared to be a golden tan . Donnie looked handsome in a dark tuxedo . He wore a white dress shirt and bow tie to what appeared to be a formal event . In his lapel , a large red flower was affixed . Donnie wore his hair slicked back away from his face and black glasses rimmed his eyes . View this post on Instagram Happy Birthday to the world 's sexiest man . I adore you and love you !! @donniewahlberg ❤ ❤ ❤ ???????????????????????????? ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ A post shared by Jenny McCarthy -LRB- @jennymccarthy -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 11:43 pm PDT The couple 's affection for one another was clear in the caption of the photo . Jenny shared her wishes for her husband in the caption of the share , calling him sexy . She followed her statements with several birthday cakes and red heart emoji . In response to her loving and kind statement , Donnie called his wife of almost six years his `` queen . '' Fans of the couple , who met when both were guests on Andy Cohen 's Watch What Happens Live in 2012 , thought the snap and sentiments were a perfect way to celebrate the singer 's 51st birthday . `` Perfect for each other , God bless you and your family . You look so gorgeous , '' remarked one follower . `` I made a photo collage for you and I love it so much you mean the world to me and have lifted me up on my darkest days thank you Donnie Wahlberg and you got one lucky woman at your side !! Jenny , I ca n't believe how beautiful you are , '' said a second fan . `` Happy day ! I have to agree ... Definitely the sexiest man and I also adore and love you . Jenny , you are a very lucky lady ... thank u for keeping him real and sharing him with us !!! Donnie , have a great bday ... enjoy every minute !!! And u r very lucky to have found Jenny , '' said a third Instagram user .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6229772/jenny-mccarthy-donnie-wahlberg/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9989599585533142}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9989599585533142}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15751309611281802, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'ass': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfnbOzQ", "stitle": "Bruce Arians : The heat 's kicking Rob Gronkowski 's butt pretty good", "seg_title_stem": "Bruce Arians : the heat 's kick Rob Gronkowski 's butt pretty good", "seg_content": "Rob Gronkowski is getting used to playing football again after returning from a one-season retirement to join Tom Brady with the Buccaneers . That effort took a step forward on Monday with the start of padded practices in Tampa and head coach Bruce Arians gave an update on how the tight end is doing after the session came to an end . Arians said that Gronkowski is still adjusting to playing in the Florida heat after spending the rest of his career with the Patriots . `` He 's probably in New England shape right now , '' Arians said , via Greg Auman of TheAthletic.com . `` He 's not in Florida shape . The heat 's kicking his ass pretty good . It 's different , man ... I do n't think he 's ever sweat that much in his life . '' Gronkowski will have a few more weeks to get used to the climate before the Buccaneers are playing any games . Once he does , he 'll join O.J. Howard and Cameron Brate in the team 's tight end group .", "url": "https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2020/08/17/bruce-arians-the-heats-kicking-rob-gronkowskis-butt-pretty-good/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02960398109492204, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfncIer", "stitle": "Pandemic Produces Record Weed Sales In Illinois", "seg_title_stem": "Pandemic produce Record Weed sale in Illinois", "seg_content": "July cannabis sales in Illinois hit $ 61 million , which is up from $ 47.6 million in June and $ 44.3 million in May . And , as long as we 're talking numbers here , marijuana sales in Illinois have totaled more than $ 300 million since the start of the year , with July having the most sales of any month , according to the folks who tally up the numbers at the Illinois Department of Finance and Professional Regulation and New Frontier Data . Having never visited a marijuana dispensary , I was somewhat surprised to learn that regulators think one of the reasons for the uptick in sales is that many dispensaries went to an `` online ordering '' format to cut down on the amount of people standing in line . I 'm told that 's what 's happening here in Rockford , despite the fact that when I drive by Sunnyside Cannabis Dispensary at 2696 McFarland Road , I still see some large groups of people waiting in line . Another reason for a more robust sales month in July might be that people are spending more per visit than they did at the first of the year when recreational weed became legal . At that time , the first 3 months of the year , the average customer was dropping about $ 126.00 . In April , May , and June , that number went up to $ 150.00 . Some people have a different reason for an increase in spending on marijuana , NBC-5 Chicago : Katie Johnston-Smith , 33 , who was feeling `` a good , healthy amount of panic '' at the beginning of the pandemic , has started using marijuana a few times a week compared to a couple times a month . Experts say she is not the only one . Many people have chosen marijuana as a way to decrease anxiety brought on by the pandemic . `` It was pretty nice because it did help me mellow out , '' Johnston-Smith said . `` I was like , ` Oh , this is way better than mellowing out with a glass of wine . `''", "url": "https://967theeagle.net/pandemic-produces-record-weed-sales-in-illinois/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.054764148062472824, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'dicks': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'dicks': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfo4Od5", "stitle": "GIRLS GOLF : Lewis , Dicks form ` a powerhouse '", "seg_title_stem": "girl golf : Lewis , Dicks form ` a powerhouse '", "seg_content": "GODFREY -- Edwardsville 's Caitlyn Dicks probably could n't have asked for a better playing partner when she made her varsity debut a the Alton Kick-Off Scramble/Shamble on Saturday at Rolling Hills Golf Course in Godfrey . Just two days removed from her first day of high school , Dicks was paired with All-State returning junior Riley Lewis . The two have been friends over the past handful of years and both players know a thing or two about the game of golf . Lewis placed 15th at last year 's Class 2A state tournament , becoming the program 's 11th golfer to earn state medalist honors and the second in three years . Dicks , meanwhile , placed seventh at the IESA state tournament in her eighth-grade season at Liberty Middle School , matching what now-teammate Nicole Johnson did in 2018 . Together , Lewis and Dicks were the ideal pairing for Edwardsville 's top group in the season-opening tournament . `` I know Riley has the power off the tee . We have all seen it for the last three years . Caitlyn has a decent short game . She makes good approach shots . I thought it would be a good combination . They would be a powerhouse together and tough to beat , '' EHS coach Libby Koonce said . They were a powerhouse , shooting a 6-under 65 on the par-71 course at Rolling Hills , but they were beatable . Teammates Grace Daech and Johnson won with a 7-under 64 . The second-place finish did n't take away from Dicks ' high school debut . `` It was good and a lot of fun , '' Dicks said . Interesting enough , it was n't the first time the two have shared the course together . Entering her fifth-grade school year , Dicks won a nine-hole tournament at Rolling Hills Golf Course . She defeated Lewis , who was going into seventh grade , by four strokes . `` I know I beat her here . That 's all I know , '' Dicks said . `` She did n't have a good day . '' Fast forward to Saturday with both players in high school and it has come full circle . For most high school freshmen , making a varsity debut can result in nerves and jitters . Dicks is n't like most freshmen , though . Her golf game is already very polished . She showed that when she fired a 3-over 75 on the first day of tryouts at Oak Brook Golf Club in Edwardsville a week ago . `` It 's pretty much the same . The rules are the same and it 's the same game , '' Dicks said . If there were any questions Saturday , she had the right Tiger by her side . Lewis has been the go-to player for Edwardsville since she made her debut as a freshman at the Prep Tour Showcase in 2018 . A two-time Intelligencer MVP , two-time state qualifier and Madison County champion , her high school resumé speaks for itself . The amateur resumé is just as impressive . `` She 's a great golfer , so I was really confident playing with her , '' Dicks said of Lewis . On Saturday , the pair combined for seven birdies and one bogey . They trailed Johnson and Daech by one birdie for the team lead . Lewis provided more than just her length off the tee box Saturday . Along with a couple key putts , including a long birdie putt on No. 18 , there was plenty of advice offered up to the freshman . `` She does a good job helping me line up and getting to hit the right shot and play the right stroke . She 's really good at course management , '' Dicks said . Lewis said it was fun being paired with Dicks on Saturday . She made sure to keep it fun while also playing competitive golf against O'Fallon 's top tandem of sophomore Reagan Martin and junior Maddie Vanderheyden , who finished with a 5-under 66 . `` Neither of us played our best but we evened each other out , '' Lewis said . `` If I hit a bad shot , she would hit a good shot and if she hit a bad shot , I would hit a good shot . We also made a lot of putts together . '' The addition of Dicks to the lineup strengthen 's Edwardsville 's depth that already includes Lewis , Daech , Johnson and seniors Riley Burns and Sydney Weedman . Johnson is the reigning Madison County and Southwestern Conference champion , while she and Lewis are both contenders for state championships if there is a tournament this year . There will be a Southwestern Conference championship up for grabs , and the Tigers will look to end O'Fallon 's four-year run . `` It 's super special because we are going to have a really good team this year . Getting -LRB- Caitlyn -RRB- really helps because we are going to have a solid six girls , '' Lewis said . It will be a busy start to the season for the Tigers , who play in the Madison County Tournament on Tuesday at Legacy Golf Course in Granite City and the Belleville West Invitational on Friday at the Orchards in Belleville . There will also be school days . But for Dicks , none will compare to her first day on Thursday . `` It was pretty stressful , '' Dicks said , `` but fun . '' Dicks made herself right at home on Saturday .", "url": "https://www.lmtonline.com/sports/article/GIRLS-GOLF-Lewis-Dicks-form-8216-a-15489374.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9996552467346191}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Golf": 0.9996552467346191}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.133570089445607, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfo4VYw", "stitle": "How One Swiss Guy Built The World 's Most Popular Cannabis Community On Social Media", "seg_title_stem": "how one swiss Guy build the World 's most Popular Cannabis Community on Social Media", "seg_content": "Racking up more than 20 million followers on social media is no easy feat . In fact , it 's one reserved for only the most popular of celebrities and the most viral of meme accounts . However , reaching millions is particularly hard when dealing with cannabis , as limitations around promotion and marketing are especially harsh . So , how did one guy do this from the comfort of his home in Switzerland ? A Lawyer Turned ` WeedMan ' Fed up with the entry-level legal job in Switzerland , Marco Cadisch launched a Facebook page and a website to share the interesting , informative , weird , offbeat , and comical aspects of the cannabis world . He started targeting readers in his native Switzerland , but over time shifted his focus to the U.S. market , considerably more advanced than the Swiss market when it came to weed , and substantially more inclined to interacting with cannabis content on social media . Within three years , Marco 's various social media channels had racked up more than 20 million followers . Nowadays , Marco is the CEO of this ecosystem , dubbed Highlife Media . The company now specializes in social media marketing and management , influencer marketing , and content creation . Ever since this project started in 2014 , Marco says , his pages have shared more than 100,000 posts . `` We know exactly what kind of content works and what -LSB- kind does -RSB- not , '' he explains . `` Further , we have ongoing connections with a lot of different websites , big social media pages as well as influencers . Nobody has such a good overview of the online cannabis market like we have . '' An Interesting Business Model Marco says most agencies in the cannabis industry have to outsource their reach . However , Highlife Media owns 80 % of the channels it advertises on . This means the compay can offer better pricing , transparency and flexibility . But do n't let these words fool you : Highlife 's margins are really good . `` When you look at the established players , 90 % or more of them are unable to grow their channels , '' he says . `` They simply lack the know-how to achieve constant growth . On the other hand , we grow our network a couple 100k followers a month and you will see a big difference when you advertise with us . '' Marco monetizes the traffic in many ways . `` We monetize the traffic on our websites , we do a lot of affiliate marketing , apart from that we promote a lot of different clients in the cannabis industry . For some clients we also fully manage their online marketing activities or we manage some of their social media accounts . We also produce a lot of content and we expand our reach with a lot of influencers in the cannabis industry . We basically upsell their options . Last but not least , I also offer consulting . '' Know The Law As one might imagine , having a legal background came in handy when navigating the complexities of the cannabis industry . `` If you study law and work in the legal field , you are confronted with a lot of things that are essential to running a business , like setting it up , handling the account , being responsible for taxes , contracts and all that kind of stuff , '' Marco says . `` I set up the company myself and apart from the accounting , which I outsource , I handle everything myself . '' But formal knowledge is not enough , he adds , explaining he had been a cannabis consumer for more than 10 years before starting his business . `` I know how the people in this field operate and how they tick . Even though , as the market progresses it gets more and more professional , the market is unlike any other . I 'm sure that if you want to make it to the top you need to live what you preach and that 's what I always do . ''", "url": "https://www.forbes.com/sites/javierhasse/2020/08/17/highlife-media/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1652152703564467, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'g-spot': 1, 'fuck': 1, 'masseuse': 1, 'orgasms': 1, 'shit': 1, 'clitoris': 1, 'clit': 1, 'clitoral': 1, 'oral sex': 1, 'sex life': 1, 'sex toy': 1, 'sex toys': 1}, 'nostrict': {'vibrator': 1, 'sexy': 1, 'ass': 1, 'suck': 1, 'lube': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'g-spot': 1}, 'nostrict': {'vibrator': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfo8bKw", "stitle": "Monday 's Deals of the Day : Aukey 60W USB-C Charger , Neo Geo Mini Samurai Showdown Edition , Cuisinart Cookware Set , Amazon Echo Dot , G-Spot Hero Vibrator , and More", "seg_title_stem": "Monday 's deal of the day : Aukey 60W USB-C Charger , Neo Geo Mini Samurai Showdown Edition , Cuisinart Cookware set , Amazon Echo Dot , G-Spot Hero Vibrator , and more", "seg_content": "A two-port Aukey 60-watt USB-C charger , a Western Digital 5TB hard drive , a Neo Geo Samurai Showdown limited edition mini console , an 11-piece Cuisinart cookware set , an Amazon Echo Dot , a rare discount on PPE gear , a Disney Twice Upon a Year sale , and an Ella Paradis G-Spot Hero vibrator lead Monday 's best deals . Bookmark Kinja Deals and follow us on Twitter to never miss a deal ! TODAY 'S BEST TECH DEALs It 's true . When inspected under a microscope , one out of every six smartphones contains fecal matter , according to a 2011 study conducted at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine . And while I regret to inform you that your phone is probably covered in poo , I 'm even sadder to report your phone is 18 times more disgusting than a public toilet . As the experts over at PhoneSoap put it , `` We wash our hands but we never wash our smartphones . '' That 's generalizing , of course , but the point stands : Most of us are n't as conscious of the harmful bacterias permeating our phones as we are our hands , and in the midst of a pandemic , that 's probably not the best way to mitigate risk of infection . PhoneSoap 3 seems to be a good solution to help you keep your phone clean without submerging it in water . Thanks to advances in UV technology , this waterless gadget is capable of killing 99.99 % of germs . A built-in acoustic audio amplifier keeps alarms and notifications from being muffled , and a pair of charging ports yields additional functionality . PhoneSoap 3 is 20 % off using our exclusive promo code INVENTORY20 , bringing the subtotal down to $ 64 before taxes and shipping . G/O Media may get a commission Use the promo code INVENTORY20 This past weekend , I sat around as my crew pondered a new rotation of multiplayer and co-op games to play , but we wo n't be able to play them until next weekend . Wan na know why ? No one had any of the games installed because they all vehemently refuse to buy more hard drive space , and frankly , I 'm just sick of it . I even yelled at them ! Seriously , do n't you get tired of deleting and redownloading the same games over and over again ? It 's equally as maddening as those who spend hundreds of dollars per year on disposable batteries . If these words sting , it 's because truth hurts and you 're someone who has n't solved one of life 's most annoying recurring issues with a single purchase . With a 5TB Western Digital external hard drive for $ 100 at Amazon , you wo n't feel bound by your digital storage shackles ever again . I promise . Well , the Echo Dot is down to $ 30 , which is $ 20 off the original list price of $ 50 . There 's nothing else to really say besides fire up Alexa and listen to tunes without ever leaving your couch ! Grab it before it 's gone . Amazon 's Fire Stick 4K is a great little streaming dongle with all of the power of Alexa at its disposal , and it 's down to $ 30 on Amazon . This model gets you 4K-ready apps to watch all your favorite movies and shows in crisp detail . Not to mention , you get a year 's subscription to Food Network at no additional cost , which means you can learn new recipes and improve your cooking skills . Grab one of these before they 're gone ! This deal was originally published in June 2020 and updated with new information on 8/17/2020 . Now 's your chance to snag Aukey 's 60W PD USB-C charger for just $ 20 when you use the offer code M5T6C7IM . There 's just the single USB-C port , but you can use it to charge smartphones , tablets , laptops , and more at the fastest speeds possible . There 's also a USB-A port supporting up to 2.4 A charging speeds . It 's also travel friendly with a foldable plug . This deal wo n't last long , so grab one ASAP if you 're in need . This deal was originally published by Jordan McMahon on 5/4/2020 and updated by Quentyn Kennemer with new information on 8/17/2020 . I get it , it 's been really hard to keep up with fitness routines in this hellish year . But the exercise can really help your mood , even if it 's just a stroll outside , and a fitness tracker can motivate to get you moving . DailySteals has refurbished Fitbit Ones to help get you moving for the low price of $ 180 . These little guys were discontinued a couple years ago but remain in surprisingly high demand , with used and refurbished versions listed for $ 200 + elsewhere . The Fitbit One is n't a fitness watch -- instead , this one clips to your waistband . It 'll track your steps and whether or not you climbed stairs -LRB- look , stairs are tough -RRB- , as well as monitor your sleep activity . Sleeping well is just as important to your health as exercising ! So if you 're interested , grab one of these Ones before it 's too late . G/O Media may get a commission This $ 90 tag on a Crucial BX500 1TB SSD is pretty sweet . If you do n't already have one , an SSD can substantially improve your PC 's overall performance . This 2.5-inch SATA block fits most modern laptops and desktops , so you can step into hard drive heaven no matter what you 're working with . You might find yourself stocking up on games as our time in quarantine marches on . Eventually , you 'll run out of space , unless you stock up on enough storage to keep going . It 's pretty costly , but a 1TB microSD card should be able to hold you off for a while , and right now you can get this one from SanDisk for $ 190 off at B&H Photo . G/O Media may get a commission Oh yeah , give me all that sweet device convergence loving , baby . At MorningSave , there 's a three-pronged dream team combining a light , clock , and wireless charger in one convenient , sleek , and sexy little thingamajig for just $ 39 . There 's a calendar and temperature readout , too . While I 'm partial to mechanical keyboards for gaming , a cheap membrane keyboard with this many features is still worth a quick crook and turn of the neck . Just $ 22 at SideDeal , this Accusor board features three-color RGB -LRB- red , blue , violet -RRB- , six programmable macro buttons , nine multimedia functions , plus all the other boring keys you 've come to know and love -LRB- and abuse , if you 're as heavy-handed as I am -RRB- . There 's even more , like three onboard profiles with a selector to allow on-the-fly switching , plus automatic game-specific profile loading if all of the above was n't enough convenience for you . G/O Media may get a commission There 's no worse time to lose all your movies and tunes than when there 's not much else to do . There are lots of ways to remedy this , but having an external drive with plenty of space can give you some peace of mind by giving you a place to back everything up , and help you bring all your info with you everywhere without weighing down your bag . SanDisk 's 1TB Portable USB-C drive is down to $ 160 today at Best Buy . G/O Media may get a commission This deal was originally published on 5/12/2020 and updated with new information on 8/17/2020 . Many of you threatened to cancel me when I disqualified the Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones 700 from our most recent headphones co-op since MSRP still sits around $ 350 , noting that sales often bring this wireless audio sublimity in reach . This one that takes the Arctic White model down to $ 299 . Please do n't cancel me . Kthxbai . This deal was originally published in June 2020 and updated with new information on 8/12/2020 . I know none of us are taking flights right now , but you know what 's one of the worst things about them ? Lots of noise when you 're trying to concentrate or sleep . It can be hell , especially on long flights . What if I told you that these Sony WH-1000XM3 headphones could block out the loud talking and babies crying ? You 'd say that 's worth the price of admission , right ? Well , you 're in luck , as Newegg has these headphones for just $ 227 , or $ 51 off . In addition to true noise cancelling , this headset offers up to 30 hours of listening time between charges and a Quick Attention feature where you can quickly turn down the volume for conversation . It 's a nifty set of headphones ! This deal was originally published by Elizabeth Henges in April 2020 and updated with new information by Jordan McMahon on 8/17/2020 . TODAY 'S BEST GAMING DEALS For every speed running Dark Souls master in the world , there are dozens like me who just ca n't be arsed to contend with the game 's steep learning curve . Like , how am I supposed to know that Drogon is just chilling on a random ass bridge in the first five minutes of me gathering my bearings ? And why are those red weirdos allowed to invade my game and make me consider retiring from my favorite lifelong hobby altogether ? I get it . You 're awesome . Stop griefing me , losers ! Oh , sorry , got off track : I think I might just try this Dark Souls board game instead , the expansions for which are now up to 25 % off at Amazon . Big fan of Samurai Showdown and other Neo Geo classics like The King of Fighters , Fatal Fury , and Metal Slug 3 ? The Samurai Showdown edition of the arcade cabinet-fashioned SNK Neo Geo Mini is $ 90 on Amazon right now . Coming in blue , this is one of three translucent variants , and you 'll get six Samurai Showdown games on top of the dozens of others pre-loaded for your enjoyment . This thing is small enough to carry it around on socially distant walks out in the park . The instant save/load function makes it easy to pick up and put down on a whim . With a 3.5-inch screen , 40 classics from one of the golden eras of gaming , and a built-in joystick and stereo speakers , it 's a fun little system to play at home or on the go . HDMI-out makes it possible to bring your session to the big screen , and a USB power supply means you can hook it up to your portable charger of choice for a truly wall outlet-free experience . This deal was originally published by Gabe Carey on 4/30/2020 and updated with new information on 8/17/2020 . I need a new PlayStation 4 headset , because of course a PC headset is n't going to work with my gaming consoles . Nothing can be easy ! I had a Turtle Beach headset a lonnngggg time ago in the age of the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 , and that little bugger survived for years before just being incompatible with my newer technology . The Ear Force Recon 50P might be a cringey name , but I assume this headset is of the same quality , and works right out the box with your PS4 controller . It also works with the Xbox One controller with an adapter ! At only $ 25 , this seems like a solid buy . Over at Walmart , you can get some of Nintendo 's popular first party titles for $ 50 . Most gamers know that Nintendo games are slow to drop in price , so this is a pretty great deal ! We 've been seeing this $ 10 discount at other retailers , most notably Amazon , but Walmart has a few titles that are currently unique to them ! The recently released and super popular Animal Crossing : New Horizons is on that list . If you 've been wondering what all the fuss was about , now 's your chance to give it a try ! Super Smash Bros. . Ultimate and Luigi 's Mansion 3 are also a part of that sale , and are both great games in their own right . Grab some copies before it 's too late ! For all my Walking Dead obsessed people , The Walking Dead Collection by Telltale Games is only $ 27 on PlayStation 4 and $ 28 on Xbox One . You can shoot zombies and make decisions that 'll surely fuck you up in the long run . It contains all four seasons , which include my baby Clementine , who has become hardened after living in a post-zombie world . Wild . Anyway , hop on this deal because I 'm not sure how long it 'll last . 2K is discounting some of its best collections on the Nintendo Switch . Snag three games each in the BioShock Collection and Borderlands Legendary Collection for $ 35 each . You can also still grab the XCOM 2 Collection for $ 35 , which is not as sweet of a deal on paper as it only packs one game , but it comes with all the DLC , and considering I 'd still pay $ 60 for the base game in 2020 , I 'll say it 's still worth buying . This deal was originally posted by Quentyn Kennemer 7/24/2020 and updated with new information on 8/14/2020 . Harkening back to the fidget spinner days , I see Speks as the natural evolution of the 2017 phenomenon . Similarly , it 's a magnetic ball toy meant for you to fidget with throughout your days now spent agonizing over job security and solitary confinement . Rather than biting your lip or anxiously bouncing your leg , the fidget toys are a healthy and fun way to cope when you 're stressed . You can mold them into various shapes and even pair ` em with a second set , for more sculpting possibilities . They come in single - and multi-color variants including teal , rose gold , and `` jazzercise . '' For a limited time , you can buy one set of Speks magnetic balls and get Unblocks -- a comparable toy akin to magnetic Lincoln Logs -- free -LRB- a $ 15 value -RRB- using the promo code FREEFUN . And remember , orders over $ 45 come with free shipping , so order a couple and save a few bucks on courier fees . Do n't sweat the small things , try Speks instead . Believe me , I have , and it works ! In Hello Neighbor , you take it upon your inquisitive adolescent curiosity to sneak into the house next door and figure out what 's hiding in his closely guarded basement , but the man of the house is home and you better not let him catch you . It 's a horror game that adapts to your tactics , the AI learning your behavior and changing its response up each time you go for the same tired tricks . The follow-up , Hello Neighbor : Hide and Seek , is even better , and since it 's a prequel , you can dive right in without having to play the original . Amazon has it for just $ 12 on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 . TODAY 'S BEST HOME DEALS Working at home has been a pain in the back , no really it 's actually hurting my back . This is mostly because I have a terrible chair and I 'm not sitting up straight for at least three to four hours at a time . Shiatsu massagers have become a great alternative to going to the spa and getting these back kinks worked out so the only logical step is adding it to your chair . This Homedics Triple Shiatsu Pro 3D kneading massage cushion is now 47 % off . Never book a masseuse again especially if you 're worried about germs and corona at the spa . You 'll also be saving money on each visit when all you have to do is turn this baby on , sit back , and relax . This massage cushion has twelve nodes and goes in three different directions to hit your problem areas . The controller is easy to use and the 3D design allows for a comfortable fit . It 'll work with most chairs and the multidimensional kneading will straighten you out in no time . This item ships for free . G/O Media may get a commission Let 's get cooking with an 11-piece Cuisinart cookware set . Available in red or black ceramic coating , this aluminum collection includes the following , each with their respective lids : 1x 10-inch Skillet 1x 1 Quart Saucepan with Lid 1x 2 Quart Saucepan with Lid 1x 3 Quart Saucepan with Lid 1x 3 Quart Saute with Lid 1x 6 Quart Sauce Pot with Lid MorningSave has it all for $ 79 . G/O Media may get a commission At the beginning of quarantine , my mom was constantly on the hunt for PPE and then sending me whatever she could find , completely ignoring the fact that I really was n't going anywhere . But now I 'm glad she did . My roommate and I have a great stockpile of travel hand sanitizers and `` just in case '' masks . If a kit like this had been assembled it would have made the search a lot easier . Well , wait no longer because SideDeal is offering you your own PPE stockpile for just $ 39 . In this kit , you 'll get all the essentials , which as I said are great to have as a `` just in case . '' There are thirty 3-ply masks that are perfect for on the go and to have in a bag or pocket if you 've forgotten your nice reusable mask at home . I do find myself going through a lot of hand sanitizer so the sixty single-use packets will surely be the biggest hit . And if you 've been extra cautious , there are thirty pairs of nitrile gloves . I actually use these for when I dye my hair now , so also versatile . This is a pretty handy little box all for half-off what other retailers are currently charging . Remember safety is sexy . If you 've read a few of our pieces on SideDeal before and you like what you 've seen they offer a $ 5 monthly fee to get free shipping on all of your orders no matter how many . Otherwise , it 's a flat rate of $ 8 . G/O Media may get a commission Everyone has a vacuum that 's probably pretty good on carpet , tile , and wood floors . But do you have a vacuum that can eliminate pollen , dust mites , and kill ninety-eight percent of bacteria in two seconds ? Well , now you can . Take $ 90 off this certified refurbished Raycop Allergen Vacuum . These normally run $ 150 at places like HSN and QVC . If you are someone who suffers from allergies or even has pets this is your new best friend . This pint-sized vacuum packs a punch and can tackle your mattresses , pet beds , and sofas . The HEPA filter traps everything you do n't want to see or know about from a variety of fabrics in your home . The ultraviolet light helps kill over ninety percent of bacteria , viruses , and pollen . Watch this little sucker pulverize dust particles both big and small in mere seconds and turn your house into a happier and healthier place . It is 100 % certified refurbished and tested to make certain it 's running like new . If you 've read a few of our pieces on SideDeal before and you like what you 've seen they offer a $ 5 monthly fee to get free shipping on all of your orders no matter how many . Otherwise , it 's a flat rate of $ 8 . G/O Media may get a commission If you 're serious about your teeth , you 'll want a quality electric toothbrush , and you can find one of Philips ' most popular models on sale , today only . Just $ 110 at Amazon -LRB- 30 % off -RRB- , the Sonicare 7500 affords you three brushing modes depending on what you 're trying to achieve : whitening the pearls , simply removing the latest gunk off of them , or gently brushing your gums . Puffing up the toothbrush 's is a pressure sensor that 'll alert you whenever it thinks you 're brushing too hard to help protect your teeth and gums . . It comes with a charging travel case and an extra brush head , too . Find it in Black , White , or Pink . This deal was originally published in July 2020 and updated with new information on 8/17/2020 . Washing your hands are important ! All the time , but especially now ! Why not up your hand-washing game with a touchless soap dispenser in your home ? It 's more sanitary , and you can decide how much soap it dispenses , making sure people do n't use too much -LRB- or too little -RRB- when they wash up . You can get this handy doodad for just $ 23 if you use code 9R8MJ8LD at checkout . It 's a win-win ! It 's not really safe to go swimming in a public setting right now , what with a massive pandemic going on and places like beaches being a breeding ground for viruses at the best of times . Instead of risking COVID to cool down , why not grab an inflatable above ground pool the family can safely enjoy ? At DailySteals , you can get an extra large inflatable pool for just $ 91 when you use the code KJPOOL at checkout . Not too shabby ! If you 're missing the experience of sitting in some water this summer , this can be your solution . G/O Media may get a commission Use the promo code KJPOOL If you need a pressure cooker , splurge a little with this chance to save on a Chefman XL 8-quart foodie reservoir , a stainless steel model featuring dozens of presets across the operations of pressure cooking , slow cooking , and steaming . . Your purchase comes with dishwasher safe accessories , too , including steam rack , basket , rice spoon , and ladle . TODAY 'S BEST LIFESTYLE DEALS If you 're bored at home without a bae , or want to spice up your sex life with bae , I have a sexy deal for you . The G-Spot Hero vibrator . Only $ 30 at Ella Paradis , and 10 speeds , it 'll take vagina-holders to higher heights over and over again . You 'll even get a cute little satin bag to store it after you 're finished . What are you waiting for ? Great orgasms are only a click away . Two times a year the Disney Store puts their fan favorites on sale for up to 40 % off . It 's a curated selection of tees , accessories , costumes , home goods , and more . The whole family is covered . There are styles for men , women , kids , and even pets . All prices are as marked and the deal is expected to run until August 23 . Speaking of pets , there are a few chew toys to treat your furry best friend to . This Mickey Ice Cream Bar -LRB- $ 13 -RRB- is one summer goodie Fido actually can enjoy . One thing Disney does very well is collectibles and mugs are certainly at the top of that list . The Tinkerbell Animation Mug -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- is adorable and will fit right in with other classic faves in your coffee cup cluster . And you 'll never go wrong with adding a new fleece throw blanket to your living room or bedroom and this Mickey one -LRB- $ 16 -RRB- is cozy and cute , plus you can customize it . Free shipping on orders over $ 75 . G/O Media may get a commission G/O Media may get a commission G/O Media may get a commission `` Liz I swear to God if you tell me it 's hot one more time I 'll murder you . '' Fine , but you still pick up some super comfy shorts from JACHS NY . It 's their Summer Blowout sale , and their shorts are only $ 19 if you use ST19 at checkout . No reason to miss out on this one ! This sale includes their popular chino shorts , as well as some board shorts . Whatever style you prefer , grab some pairs before they sell out -- because some already are ! G/O Media may get a commission Use the promo code ST19 For a short time , you can get a whopping 20 % discount on the Satisfyer Pro 2 . It 's an oral sex simulator that will suck the shit out of your clitoris and has so many modes of pleasure . One of our writers , Jolie Kerr , says it best : Satisfyer Pro 2 delivers a very specific experience ; basically , it 's designed to stimulate the clit and nothing else , although you can certainly explore other areas with it . It is not , however , an insertable toy and should only be used externally.While it 's not an especially versatile toy , and does n't strike me as a great candidate for couples play , it is very , very good at what it does . Basically , if oral sex is the way you like to get off , Satisfyer Pro 2 will make you very , very happy . The Satisfyer is only $ 52 with the promo code WELL so make sure you grab this and get off before it 's gone ! G/O Media may get a commission Use the promo code WELL Sunday Scaries has earned high marks from outlets like Buzzfeed , PopSugar , and yes , The Inventory , for their accessible and HIGHLY relaxing , often vitamin-infused CBD products including the Gummies for Chillin ' and oil tincture -LRB- also for chillin ' -RRB- , both of which I 've tried and happily endorse . But do n't take my word for it -- for a limited time only , you too can feel the effects of `` the remedy that makes life not so scary '' and share ` em with your partner -LRB- s -RRB- , thanks to this exclusive discount for Kinja Deals readers . $ 34 , using the promo code SPSECRET50 automatically applied at checkout , nets you a 500mg tincture and 20 gummies delivered to your doorstep every month . While the discount only applies to your first purchase , I 'm fairly confident you wo n't be disappointed . The oil tincture in particular is , in my opinion , best paired with Sweet Honeydew tea from Stash and a dollop of unsalted butter to help it dissolve . Relieve the contention in your three-way relationship with a healthy dose of ingestible CBD while supplies last . G/O Media may get a commission Use the promo code SPSECRET50 Cariuma is a company definitely making waves in the sustainability space . They 're dedicated to fighting against wasteful practices that are rampant in the fashion industry . David and Fernando , the founders , wanted to bring all that to the sneaker game and to create thoughtfully made shoes with cool comfort . Good-looking kicks consciously created with classic styles . The company partnered with color giants Pantone to release a fall color line and it 's got cool classic written all over it . They all run under $ 100 . The low tops come in five colors and I 'm digging these Blueprint ones since the Pantone color of 2020 is Classic Blue . There are grey and black options available in the high-top version -LRB- $ 98 -RRB- and definitely give off 90s vibes . These are sharp shoes and you 'll turn heads for sure and take a step towards more eco-conscious shopping . Free shipping on all orders . G/O Media may get a commission Apparently left-handed people have better sex . As a right-handed person , I want to vehemently disagree , but science does n't lie . I guess we have one more thing to thank lefties for -- this Kinja-Exclusive Lefties Vibrator bundle at Ella Paradis . Usually $ 102 , it 's now $ 39 , no code needed . The bundle includes a Better Love G-Spot vibrator , a satin toy bag , and a bottle of lube to keep things ... slippery . I 'd grab this bundle and get off with your favorite lefty right now . G/O Media may get a commission TODAY 'S BEST MEDIA DEALS Look I 'm not going to pretend to know anything about modern anime . I 'm too lazy to catch up on what 's good , so I just watch re-runs of American comedies instead . But for those that keep up with the popular releases , you 're in luck , because Amazon is having a sale on select anime blu-rays . They 're up to half off , which makes these expensive collections much more affordable . Some of the standouts here are the newer Evangelion movies , the first season of Goblin Slayer , and seasons 1-3 of Attack on Titan . Those seem ... cool ! I have n't watched them so they 're probably good ! Or maybe definitely not and I 'm digging a grave for myself for when the anime fans eviscerate me . Either way , grab whatever interests you before this sale ends . Otakus will have you know that Akira is to manga what the Mona Lisa is to art , and you can catch up for $ 50 off at Amazon . The $ 150 total nets you six hardcover books , an Akira Club hardcover artbook with glossy pages , and an iron-on version of Kaneda 's iconic pill patch . Too bad there are n't many Comic-Cons going on . This deal was originally published on 8/6/2020 and updated with new information on 8/12/2020 . TECH Samsung 256GB EVO Select microSDXC | $ 35 | Amazon Samsung T7 1TB External USB-C Drive | $ 170 | Best Buy SanDisk Extreme 512GB microSD Card | $ 110 | B&H Photo Western Digital 5TB My Passport External Hard Drive | $ 100 | Amazon SanDisk 1TB Portable USB-C Drive | $ 160 | Best Buy SanDisk Extreme 1TB microSD Card | $ 260 | B&H Photo AUKEY 5-in-1 Wireless Charging Hub | $ 22 | Amazon | Use code D29468C2 AUKEY 60W USB-C PD Charger | $ 20 | Amazon | Use code M5T6C7IM iHome LED Lamp with Digital Clock , Wireless Charging | $ 39 | MorningSave 2-in-1 iPhone + Apple Watch USB Charging Cable | $ 24 | SideDeal Belkin Surge Protector | $ 17 | Amazon Klipsch The Sixes Powered Monitor Pair | $ 539 | Amazon Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones 700 | $ 299 | Amazon JBL FREE True Wireless In-Ear Headphones Gen 2 | $ 80 | Best Buy Philips Audio Fidelio X2HR Hi-Res Audio Headphones | $ 145 | Amazon Bose Soundlink Bluetooth Speaker | $ 99 | Amazon | Newegg Jabra Elite Active 75t -LRB- Refurbished -RRB- | $ 120 | Newegg Sony WH-1000XM3 Noise Cancelling Headphones | $ 227 | Newegg Sony WH-1000XM3 Noise Cancelling Headphones | $ 227 | Newegg Insignia 50-inch 4K UHD TV - Fire TV Edition | $ 270 | Amazon Amazon Fire Stick 4K | $ 35 | Amazon LG SN10YG 5.1.2-Channel Dolby Atmos Soundbar | $ 679 | Newegg Save up to $ 300 on Select Laptops Powered by Intel ® | Best Buy | Sponsored MP Mini Resin 3D Printer | $ 200 | Monoprice Apple MacBook Pro 16 '' | $ 2,099 | Amazon Xfinity Subscription : $ 150 Visa Gift Card + 6mos Amazon Music for Students | Comcast Alienware 34 '' WQHD Curved Monitor | $ 1,002 | Amazon 1-Year Ultimate VPN Plan | $ 50 | ibVPN | Use code KINJA50 70 % off 3-Year VPN Plan | NordVPN Wacom Intuos Pro Tablet | $ 300 | B&H Photo 15 % off Secure VPN Service | OVPN | Promo Code KINJA15 Surface Go 2 | $ 550 | Best Buy Fitbit One -LRB- Refurbished -RRB- | $ 180 | DailySteals Save up to $ 125 on a Verizon iPhone 11 | Best Buy Free Bose Soundlink II Wireless Headphones w / iPhone XS or Higher | Visible Garmin Forerunner Watch | $ 180 | Amazon Fitbit Inspire HR | $ 70 | Best Buy | Promo Code INVENTORY20 GAMING MENEEA Switch Lite Charging Dock | $ 11 | Amazon | Clip coupon HORI Zelda : Link 's Awakening Switch Hard Pouch | $ 14 | Amazon PDP Mario GameCube-Style Switch Controller | $ 19 | Amazon Accusor Advanced Gaming Keyboard | $ 22 | SideDeal YCCTEAM Xbox One Charging Station | $ 24 | Amazon | Clip coupon Turtle Beach - Ear Force Recon 50P Gaming Headset | $ 25 | Amazon PowerA Legend of Zelda Switch Messenger Bag | $ 27 | Amazon SanDisk 128GB Nintendo Switch microSD Card | $ 28 | Amazon Geek Supply Co. . Switch Battery Charger Case | $ 30 | SideDeal PowerA Wireless Switch Controller -LRB- Animal Crossing K.K. Slider -RRB- | $ 39 | Amazon Mayflash F300 Arcade Fight Stick | $ 53 | Amazon Neo Geo Mini Samurai Shodown Limited Edition | $ 90 | Amazon Razer Wolverine Ultimate Xbox One Controller | $ 149 | Amazon Nintendo Switch Pro Controller | $ 59 | Amazon Death Stranding | $ 48 | Green Man Gaming Pre-Order Cyberpunk 2077 | $ 50 | Amazon The Banner Saga Trilogy | $ 10 | Walmart Fallout 76 : Wastelanders | $ 10 | Amazon Hello Neighbor : Hide and Seek | $ 12 | Amazon Yooka-Laylee and the Impossible Lair | $ 14 | Best Buy Borderlands 3 | $ 15 | Best Buy Death Stranding | $ 20 | Best Buy LEGO Marvel Collection | $ 20 | Amazon Everybody 's Golf VR | $ 20 | Best Buy The Walking Dead : The Telltale Definitive Edition | $ 28 | Amazon Under Night In-Birth Exe : Late -LSB- Cl-R -RSB- | $ 39 | Amazon Final Fantasy VII Remake | $ 40 | Amazon Mortal Kombat 11 : Aftermath Kollection | $ 40 | Amazon One Piece Pirate Warriors 4 | $ 40 | Amazon The Legend of Heroes : Trails of Cold Steel III | $ 42 | Amazon Resident Evil 3 | $ 43 | Amazon Pre-Order Far Cry 6 | $ 50 | Amazon Pre-Order Watch Dogs Legion | $ 50 | Amazon Pre-Order LEGO Star Wars : The Skywalker Saga | $ 50 | Amazon Pre-Order Cyberpunk 2077 | $ 50 | Amazon Pre-order Assassin 's Creed Valhalla | $ 50 | Amazon Dishonored 2 | $ 7 | Amazon Trine 4 : The Nightmare Prince | $ 8 | Amazon The Evil Within 2 | $ 10 | Amazon Fallout 76 : Wastelanders | $ 10 | Amazon Yooka-Laylee and the Impossible Lair | $ 11 | Best Buy Hello Neighbor : Hide and Seek | $ 12 | Amazon Crackdown 3 | $ 14 | Amazon Borderlands 3 | $ 15 | Best Buy The Dark Pictures Anthology : Man of Medan | $ 15 | Amazon Frostpunk : Console Edition | $ 16 | Amazon Final Fantasy XV : Royal Edition | $ 16 | Best Buy FIFA 20 | $ 20 | Walmart The Walking Dead : The Telltale Definitive Edition | $ 28 | Amazon Mortal Kombat 11 : Aftermath Kollection | $ 40 | Amazon Resident Evil 3 | $ 43 | Amazon Pre-order Assassin 's Creed Valhalla -LRB- Xbox One -RRB- | $ 50 | Amazon Pre-Order LEGO Star Wars : The Skywalker Saga | $ 50 | Amazon Pre-Order Cyberpunk 2077 | $ 50 | Amazon Pre-Order Far Cry 6 | $ 50 | Amazon LEGO Marvel Superheroes 2 | $ 20 | Amazon Collection of Mana | $ 25 | Amazon Final Fantasy XII : The Zodiac Age | $ 26 | Amazon Final Fantasy X/X -2 HD Remaster | $ 30 | Amazon Streets of Rage 4 | $ 34 | Amazon The Wonderful 101 Remastered | $ 34 | Amazon XCOM 2 Collection | $ 35 | Amazon BioShock Collection | $ 35 | Amazon Borderlands Legendary Collection | $ 35 | Amazon The Witcher 3 : Wild Hunt | $ 40 | Amazon Mortal Kombat 11 : Aftermath Kollection | $ 44 | Amazon Super Mario Odyssey | $ 50 | Amazon New Super Mario Bros. . U Deluxe | $ 50 | Amazon The Legend of Zelda : Breath of the Wild | $ 50 | Amazon Super Smash Bros. . Ultimate | $ 50 | Walmart Luigi 's Mansion 3 | $ 50 | Walmart Animal Crossing : New Horizons | $ 50 | Walmart Pre-Order LEGO Star Wars : The Skywalker Saga | $ 50 | Amazon Mario Kart 8 Deluxe | $ 50 | Amazon Astral Chain | $ 50 | Amazon Funko Pop ! PUBG Lone Survivor | $ 5 | Amazon Funko Pop ! PUBG Sanhok Survivor | $ 7 | Amazon Funko Pop ! Pokémon Eevee -LRB- Pre-order -RRB- | $ 9 | Amazon Funko Pop ! Pokémon Jolteon -LRB- Pre-order -RRB- | $ 9 | Amazon Funko Pop ! Pokémon Vaporeon -LRB- Pre-order -RRB- | $ 9 | Amazon Jenga : Fortnite Edition | $ 10 | Amazon Stealing Coin Kitty Bank | $ 13 | Amazon | Clip coupon Funko Pop ! Cowboy Bebop Ballad of Fallen Angels | $ 15 | GameStop Funko Pop ! Disney Mulan on Khan | $ 20 | Amazon KELAKE Pikachu Alien Action Figure | $ 20 | Amazon | Clip coupon Funko Pop ! Star Wars The Mandalorian on Blurrg | $ 21 | Amazon Banpresto Kirby Fluffy Puffy Mine -LRB- Kirby -RRB- | $ 25 | Amazon Banpresto Kirby Fluffy Puffy Mine -LRB- Waddle Dee w / Snowman -RRB- | $ 25 | Amazon Banpresto Kirby Fluffy Puffy Mine -LRB- Waddle Dee -RRB- | $ 25 | Amazon Funko Pop ! Star Wars The Mandalorian Super-Sized The Child | $ 30 | Amazon Pandemic : The Cure Board Game | $ 40 | Amazon LEGO Star Wars Mandalorian AT-ST Raider | $ 40 | Amazon Dark Souls : The Board Game - Phantoms Expansion | $ 42 | Amazon Overwatch Pharah Figma Action Figure | $ 44 | Amazon Dark Souls : The Board Game - Explorers Expansion | $ 52 | Amazon Kotobukiya Marvel : Scarlet Witch Statue | $ 55 | Amazon LEGO Architecture Statue of Liberty | $ 99 | Amazon Buy Speks , Get Unblocks Free | Speks HOME Extra Large Above Ground Inflatable Pool | $ 91 | DailySteals | Use code KJPOOL OPOLAR Portable Desk USB Fan | $ 9 | Amazon | Clip coupon Triple Shiatsu Pro Massage Cushion | $ 80 | Best Buy 15 % off Yamazaki Home Goods | Huckberry SensorPEDIC Serenity Weighted Blanket | $ 69 | MorningSave Prospera Shiatsu Foot Massager | $ 69 | SideDeal Dog Balm Bundle | $ 20 | Natural Dog Company Aduro U-Clean Portable UV-C Sanitizing/Disinfecting Wand | $ 29 | MorningSave Beautysleep Quilted Waterproof Mattress Pad/Protector | $ 29 | MorningSave Dyson Light Ball Multi-Floor Midsize Vacuum -LRB- Refurbished -RRB- | $ 150 | Walmart Dyson Lightcycle Floor Lamp | $ 700 | Dyson SGODA Dog Cooling Vest & Harness | $ 35 | Amazon RAYCOP Lite HEPA Allergen Vacuum -LRB- Refurbished -RRB- | $ 59 | SideDeal Woodland Creatures Plush Dog Toy Pack | $ 10 | Amazon Amazon Echo Dot | $ 30 | Amazon Philips Hue White A19 Bulb -LRB- 2-Pack -RRB- | $ 25 | Amazon Philips Hue White Ambiance Smart Bulb Starter Kit | $ 120 | Amazon Star Wars Nerds Rope -LRB- 16ct -RRB- | $ 19 | Amazon KYOKU 5 '' Steak Knives -LRB- 4ct -RRB- | $ 42 | Amazon | Clip coupon + use code KOZCJR2J Flippin ' Boss BBQ Set | $ 16 | SideDeal Cuisinart 11-Piece Cookware Set -LRB- Red or Black -RRB- | $ 79 | MorningSave Cuisinart 11-Piece Stainless Steel Chef 's Collection Cookware Set | $ 139 | MorningSave Cuisinart 11-Piece Multiclad Pro Stainless Steel Cookware Set | $ 159 | MorningSave Cuisinart Elite 20-Piece Stainless Steel Flatware | $ 49 | MorningSave Cuisinart 10-Piece Ceramic Coated Knife Set | $ 24 | MorningSave Chefman XL 8qt Programmable Pressure Cooker | $ 69 | MorningSave Philips Avent Natural Baby Newborn Starter Gift Set | $ 29 | Amazon Nutri Ninja Nutrient Extractor Single Serve Blender | $ 59 | Walmart Ninja Professional 72oz Blender | $ 79 | Walmart Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free | Atlas Coffee Club | KINJACOFFEE Instant Pot Duo | $ 80 | Amazon | Golden Ratio | Promo Code KINJA15 Gold Coffee Variety Pack -LRB- 9-Count -RRB- | $ 15 | Golden Ratio | Promo Code KINJA15 36 Single Packs of Starburst | $ 27 | Amazon Dezin Electric Hot Pot | $ 35 | Amazon Tools & Auto Hakol Outdoor LED Solar Lights -LRB- 5-Pack -RRB- | $ 29 | MorningSave Hakol Outdoor LED Solar Ground Lights -LRB- 8-Pack -RRB- | $ 29 | MorningSave Save $ 10 on DEWALT When You Spend $ 50 + | Amazon LIFESTYLE 10 % off Neck Gaiters | Gizmodo , Kotaku , Jalopnik Up to 40 % off Select Favorites | Disney Store Blazer Cleanup Sale | JACHS NY | Use code BLZ Summer Blowout Short Sale | $ 19 | JACHS NY | Use code ST19 WeCare Disposable Masks With Elastic Earloops - 5 Pack | $ 3 | DailySteals | Use code KJWCR Cotton Face Masks -LRB- 5-Pack -RRB- | $ 30 | The Tie Bar PPE-AID Daily Sanitary Kit | $ 39 | SideDeal Hanes Cotton Face Masks -LRB- 10-Pack -RRB- | $ 20 | Walmart Reusable Face Masks -LRB- 5-Pack -RRB- | $ 25 | Nordstrom Rack 100 % Human Reusable Face Masks -LRB- 5-Pack -RRB- | $ 25 | Everlane Annual Summer Sale | Huckberry 65 % off Basic Prescription Lens Frames * | GlassesUSA | Promo code KINJA65 KN95 Masks -LRB- 20 Pack -RRB- | $ 48 | N95 Mask Co | Promo code KINJA20 Case-Mate Masks | $ 20 | Amazon | Cariuma Beauty & Grooming Touchless Automatic Soap Dispenser | $ 23 | Amazon | Use code 9R8MJ8LD Dove Body Wash -LRB- 34oz -RRB- | $ 8 | Amazon | Clip coupon Philips Sonicare ExpertClean Electric Toothbrush | $ 110 | Amazon Gold Box Wish Hand Sanitizer -LRB- 6-pack -RRB- | $ 12 | Amazon Up to 25 % off | Dermstore | Use Code CELEBRATE Carol 's Daughter Hair Milk | $ 11 | Amazon Ilia Balmy Gloss Tinted Lip Oil | $ 26 | Amazon Dolce & Gabbana The One -LRB- 1.7 oz -RRB- | $ 35 | Amazon Philips Norelco 6850 Electric Shaver with Attachments | $ 110 | Walmart Rabbit Lily Vibrator | $ 36 | Ella Paradis | Use code WELL Womanizer Liberty Vibrator | $ 99 | Bellesa Boutique VAVA Smart Thermometer | $ 50 | Amazon | Promo code KINJAIH008 + coupon Lefties Vibrator Bundle | $ 39 | Ella Paradis G-Spot Hero Vibrator | $ 30 | Ella Paradis | Ella Paradis | Promo code WELL | Sunday Scaries | Promo Code SPSECRET50 Sunburn Sale | Moosejaw Mizuno RB Tour and Tour X Gold Balls -LRB- 12ct -RRB- | $ 35 | Amazon MEDIA Anime Blu-Ray Sale | Amazon John Wick -LRB- 4K -RRB- | $ 15 | Best Buy John Wick Chapter 2 -LRB- 4K -RRB- | $ 15 | Best Buy John Wick Chapter 3 : Parabellum -LRB- 4K -RRB- | $ 15 | Best Buy Ghost in the Shell -LRB- 4K Blu-ray + Digital , Pre-order -RRB- | $ 18 | Amazon Mission : Impossible - 6 Movie Collection -LRB- Blu-ray -RRB- | $ 29 | Amazon Scott Pilgrim vs. The World -LRB- Blu-ray -RRB- | $ 5 | Amazon Knives Out -LRB- Blu-ray -RRB- | $ 13 | Amazon Death Note : The Complete Series -LRB- Blu-ray -RRB- | $ 15 | Amazon Up to 50 % off Kodansha 's Ghost in the Shell -LRB- Digital -RRB- | Amazon Dragon Ball Complete Manga Set | $ 78 | Amazon Dragon Ball Z Complete Manga Set | $ 129 | Amazon Persona 5 Manga Vol . 1 | $ 6 | Amazon Akira 35th Anniversary Hardcover Manga Set | $ 150 | Amazon Elder Scrolls : The Official Cookbook | $ 17 | Amazon Kirby : Art & Style Collection | $ 22 | Amazon DEALS YOU MAY HAVE MISSED Weighted blankets are said to be excellent solutions for anxiety and putting nervousness at ease . Given all that 's going on in the world right now anything that provides a sense of calm is welcome . This SensorPEDIC Weighted Blanket is here to provide just that and you 'll save $ 141 . This fifteen-pound blanket will aid in soothing worries with soft and steady pressure . The evenly distributed high-density glass beads will put your mind , body , and soul into total relaxation . I 've had Sherpa blankets -LRB- not weighted -RRB- before and they are absolutely some of the plushest around , tops on cozy vibes . Sleep is so important and can really set the tone for your day and honestly your quality of life . If you 're suffering from not just anxiety but insomnia , ADHA , or just good old fashioned stress a weighted blanket could be a wonderful non-medication solution . The Sherpa cover zips right off making this easy to wash in a machine giving you lasting comfort for unwavering slumber . If you 've read a few of our pieces on MorningSave before and you like what you 've seen they offer a $ 5 monthly fee to get free shipping on all of your orders no matter how many . Otherwise , it 's a flat rate of $ 8 . If you 've picked up on red meat consumption , you 'll need a good steak knife , especially if you prefer your cuts have the doneness of a chewed up rain boot . KYOKU 's knives have proven excellent for cutting into even the toughest of fleshy strands , and with so many in the steak family -- sirloin , chuck , skirt , flank , porterhouse , rib-eye , t-bone , tenderloin -- jeez , with so many different forms of steak , why is n't that all we 're eating ? And what kind of steak person are you anyway ? Do you like to drown your meat in a vat of tangy substances , or do you pre -- wait , what were we talking about ? OH , RIGHT , STEAK KNIVES . You can get four of Kyoku 's five-inch knives for $ 42 . Just clip the coupon at Amazon and use code KOZCJR2J at checkout . This deal was originally published in April 2020 and updated with new information on 8/12/2020 . At MorningSave , they 're bundling eight of these solar-powered LED bulbs designed to burrow into the grounds around your home for $ 29 . This flat disk design illuminates the area without much of vertical footprint . Each light has eight bright LEDs , and they 'll get their charge daily from the sun and automatically kick on when night falls for up to 10 hours . Many understandably jumped at the chance to play Final Fantasy VII Remake the day it came out , and I 'd say they got their money 's worth then . If you 've been holding out and Ghost of Tsushima has n't completely eaten up your gaming hours , it 's time to reunite with Cloud and the gang on PlayStation 4 . Amazon has the remake up for $ 40 . This decades-in-the-making reemergence does n`t embody the full Final Fantasy VII experience you remember from childhood , but it reintroduces us to a classic story featuring unforgettable characters with modern visuals and gameplay . Part II of this episodic journey is in the works , too , so you 'll want to get caught up in case it miraculously drops within the next couple of years . This deal was originally published on 8/5/2020 and updated with new information on 8/13/2020 . If you passed on Fallout 76 at launch , I commend you . No one should award developers their hard-earned dollars for messes like that . But many key updates and discounts later , you might want to check it out . Amazon has Fallout 76 : Wastelanders up on Amazon for $ 10 . This is the base game with the latest updates and DLC baked in , adding several important elements missing from launch such as human NPCs , something the company originally decided against as a `` design decision . '' Many of the major bugs and kinks have been worked out by now , too , so it 's not nearly as frustrating to play . I know none of us are taking flights right now , but you know what 's one of the worst things about them ? Lots of noise when you 're trying to concentrate or sleep . It can be hell , especially on long flights . What if I told you that these Sony WH-1000XM3 headphones could block out the loud talking and babies crying ? You 'd say that 's worth the price of admission , right ? Well , you 're in luck , as Newegg has these headphones for just $ 227 , or $ 51 off . In addition to true noise cancelling , this headset offers up to 30 hours of listening time between charges and a Quick Attention feature where you can quickly turn down the volume for conversation . It 's a nifty set of headphones ! Running low on sanitizer ? Here 's a great chance to stock up : Amazon has a six pack of Wish 's 3.38 oz tubes down to just $ 12 . Complete with Vitamin E and other moisturizing agents . They 're small enough to fit in pockets and purses , too , so you wo n't have to lug a big bottle around all day to keep your hands germ-free . Listen , no matter how loud the anti-maskers have a temper tantrum , masks protect yourself and others from COVID-19 . We 're living in a pandemic and you know , it requires a bit of preparation for going out in public . This 20-Pack of KN95 masks -LRB- and any other size -RRB- are $ 48 , 20 % off with the code KINJA20 , which is $ 12 off the original price of $ 60 . If you have a bigger household , you might want to invest in the 50-pack for $ 104 , or even the 100-pack for $ 160 . Like I said before , yes , masks are overpriced these days , but this brand of KN95 masks are certified by the CDC to block 95 % of air particles up to .3 - micron levels . What are you waiting for ? Grab a box and start using them ! But if you want to get specific with clitoral and g-spot orgasms , you should check out the Rabbit Lily vibrator . It 's only $ 36 after the 60 % discount and it can , like I said , get you to a dual climax , and fully scratching that itch you 've been having ever since the quarantine has lasted WAY longer than we thought it would . Anyway , grab this and get full use of your happy time . I 'm sure you 'll be satisfied . If you did n't know by now , you can grab 60 % off sex toys sitewide thanks to Wellness Month ! All you have to do is type in the code `` WELL '' at checkout , but usually , it 'll automatically be applied . G/O Media may get a commission As the Dermstore celebrates 21 years in business they wanted to gift you a present . Until August 17 take up to 25 % off a wide selection of items in their birthday festivities , this includes most sale items . They 've also discounted some of their ` Best of ' bundles . Just use the code CELEBRATE at checkout . Speaking of which , the Best of the Essentials -LRB- $ 48 -RRB- has ten products all curated by their experts based on the best-reviewed and top-selling items from their skincare section . Bundles like this are an excellent way to discover new favorites or try something you 've always wanted to . They 've already taken $ 12 off this one . It 's still summer so let 's grab a good and reliable sunscreen . Sunforgettable 's Total Protection Face Shield SPF 50 -LRB- $ 39 -RRB- is 100 % that . Lightweight , sheer , and water/sweat-resistant . This one is a non-chemical , broad-spectrum sunscreen to protect that mug and keep it pretty for a long time . I look at Bioderma Sensibio H2O -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- as a holy grail product because so many of my favorite beauty YouTubers swear by it . It 's a non-rinse cleanser that easily removes makeup , even the toughest eyeliner , and mascara . Trust me on that one . It handles sensitive skin very well and keeps all types soothed and smooth . Again that code is good until next Monday and there 's free shipping on all orders . Though it only recently gained recognition in the U.S. after Mari Kondo 's The Life Changing Magic of Tidying Up made the New York Times bestsellers list for 86 consecutive weeks , Yamazaki is nearly as ubiquitous as IKEA in Japan . So whenever they 're running a sale here in the states , it 's no surprise it makes headlines , as is the case in this week 's Huckberry sale . For a limited time , you can save 15 % on Yamazaki 's clutter-free furniture including a contemporary rectangular side table , a headphone stand , a key rack , and a set of ceramic upward-standing pet bowls for your fur babies . Do n't underestimate the value of an organized household , especially as we 're spending more time either working from or living the rest of our lives at home . Out with the old , in with the new -- spark joy in your home once more , while supplies last . This sale ends August 17 . I 'm sorry this is n't all just the pink Starbursts but you are still saving 16 % on thirty-six packs on these killer little fruit bombs . Enjoy this unexplainably juicy candy all by yourself or with friends . When Starbursts are fresh and chewy they are the best . Full of succulent goodness in strawberry , cherry , orange , and lemon . Am I the only one that will combine two at a time for a new flavor ? If you 've never done that you 're not living your best life so you should probably buy this box for $ 27 and try all the delicious options . There are 15 combinations ok . But it does n't mean they are n't all tasty . Free one-day shipping for Prime members . Sure , you 've got your home office tailored just so , with your desk all in order , and your cables finally tucked behind some proper management . It 's great having a workspace that 's in order . That said , being at home means you do n't have an office full of chatty coworkers to meander about when you 're feeling stuck or antsy , and staring at the same four walls all day gets old pretty quickly . Your work laptop might be too hefty to lug around frequently , but that 's where a good , tiny computer comes in handy . The Surface Go 2 , down to $ 550 at Best Buy , packs enough power into a tiny machine to help you get through your daily Google Docs and email grind . You can even use it with a stylus to scribble down meeting notes while you 're on your team 's weekly Zoom call . It 's not the most powerful computer around , but its small size means you can carry it from room to room , plopping it on your dining room table while you 're on your lunch break , then catching up on emails from the couch after a long day at the chair . Quick note , though : this deal does n't include the Type Cover , which you 'll need if you want to use this for getting work done , so be sure to cop one of those too . Whether you need more space for your phone or a faster card to record 4K videos on your new camera , you 'll want faster microSD cards like this SanDisk High Endurance . It 's rated Class 10 , V30 , U3 , and all the other numbers that wo n't make much sense to the average consumer . I 'll sum it up this way : it 's fast , reliable , and cheap at just $ 13 . Even if you 've done nothing incriminating , no one wants their internet service provider -LRB- ISP -RRB- snooping in their browsing history . And during a time when the federal government wants to ban your favorite lip-syncing app as a purely xenophobic distraction from an imminent election , it may be time to start taking your online privacy seriously . OVPN encrypts your connection and claims it does n't store logs on their servers , even temporarily . Though it does n't have as many servers on its network as some fan-favorites , the company owns all 89 of the servers it does have , with no physical storage devices like CD-ROMs or hard drives harboring your data . Try it out for yourself , now 15 % off using our exclusive promo code KINJA15 , bringing your sum total at checkout to a mere $ 4/month . Nobody likes feeling your headphone cables flail around as you 're on your morning jog or just out and about . True Wireless headphones help alleviate that and give you a sleek way to blast your favorite playlist or catch up on a couple podcasts , but they get expensive pretty quickly . Jabra 's Elite Active 65t True Wireless earbuds can run up to 15 hours on a single charge , with the use of its charging case , and can connect to Siri , Alexa , or Google Now for quick voice controls . Right now you can get a refurbished pair for $ 55 on Newegg . There 's a newer model , the 75t , which does offer some nice upgrades , but for the discount , you 're still getting some seriously good earbuds , so do n't fret too much . This deal was originally published by Jordan McMahon on 6/2/2020 and updated with new information on 8/11/2020 . If I could melt every single tech thing in my life down to one convenient device , I would . Until technology catches up to my imagination , products like this 5-in-1 Aukey charger will have to do . It 's a wireless charging pad , but it also sports two USB ports and an HDMI connection , including 60W USB-C Power Delivery to charge smartphones , Switches , MacBooks , and iPads at the fastest speeds possible . This convenient little puck is normally $ 50 , but clip the coupon and use promo code D29468C2 and you 're on the hook for just $ 22 . Whether it 's a publicity stunt remains to be seen . But the fact of the matter is NordVPN claims the previously ongoing 70 % discount to their 3-year plan will soon be expired . The secure private networking company , which managed to crack the top five best VPNs as suggested by our readers , is supposedly clearing out virtual inventory in a final countdown to August 17 , the last day of the sale .", "url": "https://kinjadeals.theinventory.com/mondays-deals-of-the-day-aukey-60w-usb-c-charger-neo-1844747658", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 0.5920999646186829}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_RetailPrice": 0.5920999646186829}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.054764148062472824, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'dicks': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'dicks': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfoYsdi", "stitle": "GIRLS GOLF : Lewis , Dicks form ` a powerhouse '", "seg_title_stem": "girl golf : Lewis , Dicks form ` a powerhouse '", "seg_content": "GODFREY -- Edwardsville 's Caitlyn Dicks probably could n't have asked for a better playing partner when she made her varsity debut a the Alton Kick-Off Scramble/Shamble on Saturday at Rolling Hills Golf Course in Godfrey . Just two days removed from her first day of high school , Dicks was paired with All-State returning junior Riley Lewis . The two have been friends over the past handful of years and both players know a thing or two about the game of golf . Lewis placed 15th at last year 's Class 2A state tournament , becoming the program 's 11th golfer to earn state medalist honors and the second in three years . Dicks , meanwhile , placed seventh at the IESA state tournament in her eighth-grade season at Liberty Middle School , matching what now-teammate Nicole Johnson did in 2018 . Together , Lewis and Dicks were the ideal pairing for Edwardsville 's top group in the season-opening tournament . `` I know Riley has the power off the tee . We have all seen it for the last three years . Caitlyn has a decent short game . She makes good approach shots . I thought it would be a good combination . They would be a powerhouse together and tough to beat , '' EHS coach Libby Koonce said . They were a powerhouse , shooting a 6-under 65 on the par-71 course at Rolling Hills , but they were beatable . Teammates Grace Daech and Johnson won with a 7-under 64 . The second-place finish did n't take away from Dicks ' high school debut . `` It was good and a lot of fun , '' Dicks said . Interesting enough , it was n't the first time the two have shared the course together . Entering her fifth-grade school year , Dicks won a nine-hole tournament at Rolling Hills Golf Course . She defeated Lewis , who was going into seventh grade , by four strokes . `` I know I beat her here . That 's all I know , '' Dicks said . `` She did n't have a good day . '' Fast forward to Saturday with both players in high school and it has come full circle . For most high school freshmen , making a varsity debut can result in nerves and jitters . Dicks is n't like most freshmen , though . Her golf game is already very polished . She showed that when she fired a 3-over 75 on the first day of tryouts at Oak Brook Golf Club in Edwardsville a week ago . `` It 's pretty much the same . The rules are the same and it 's the same game , '' Dicks said . If there were any questions Saturday , she had the right Tiger by her side . Lewis has been the go-to player for Edwardsville since she made her debut as a freshman at the Prep Tour Showcase in 2018 . A two-time Intelligencer MVP , two-time state qualifier and Madison County champion , her high school resumé speaks for itself . The amateur resumé is just as impressive . `` She 's a great golfer , so I was really confident playing with her , '' Dicks said of Lewis . On Saturday , the pair combined for seven birdies and one bogey . They trailed Johnson and Daech by one birdie for the team lead . Lewis provided more than just her length off the tee box Saturday . Along with a couple key putts , including a long birdie putt on No. 18 , there was plenty of advice offered up to the freshman . `` She does a good job helping me line up and getting to hit the right shot and play the right stroke . She 's really good at course management , '' Dicks said . Lewis said it was fun being paired with Dicks on Saturday . She made sure to keep it fun while also playing competitive golf against O'Fallon 's top tandem of sophomore Reagan Martin and junior Maddie Vanderheyden , who finished with a 5-under 66 . `` Neither of us played our best but we evened each other out , '' Lewis said . `` If I hit a bad shot , she would hit a good shot and if she hit a bad shot , I would hit a good shot . We also made a lot of putts together . '' The addition of Dicks to the lineup strengthen 's Edwardsville 's depth that already includes Lewis , Daech , Johnson and seniors Riley Burns and Sydney Weedman . Johnson is the reigning Madison County and Southwestern Conference champion , while she and Lewis are both contenders for state championships if there is a tournament this year . There will be a Southwestern Conference championship up for grabs , and the Tigers will look to end O'Fallon 's four-year run . `` It 's super special because we are going to have a really good team this year . Getting -LRB- Caitlyn -RRB- really helps because we are going to have a solid six girls , '' Lewis said . It will be a busy start to the season for the Tigers , who play in the Madison County Tournament on Tuesday at Legacy Golf Course in Granite City and the Belleville West Invitational on Friday at the Orchards in Belleville . There will also be school days . But for Dicks , none will compare to her first day on Thursday . `` It was pretty stressful , '' Dicks said , `` but fun . '' Dicks made herself right at home on Saturday .", "url": "https://www.mysanantonio.com/sports/article/GIRLS-GOLF-Lewis-Dicks-form-8216-a-15489374.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9996552467346191}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Golf": 0.9996552467346191}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.21357856515945306, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfor3y5", "stitle": "Linda Manz obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Linda Manz obituary", "seg_content": "Linda Manz , who has died aged 58 from lung cancer , gave one of the most haunting child performances in all cinema in Terrence Malick 's 1978 film Days of Heaven , made when she was 15 . She played the young sister of a hot-tempered labourer -LRB- Richard Gere -RRB- , who travels with him and his girlfriend -LRB- Brooke Adams -RRB- picking up farm work across the Texas panhandle during the early 20th century . There had never been a face like hers : bruised , scarred , angular , with a confrontational stare that could soften unexpectedly , she looked at once unformed and prematurely world-weary . `` Sometimes I 'd feel very old , '' she says in the film , `` like my whole life 's over , like I 'm not around any more . '' It was n't hard to believe . A casting call for the part had gone out to schools in New York City . `` Linda came in because her teacher thought she was a real character , '' said the film 's editor , Billy Weber . `` When she came in to meet Terry , she looked at him and said , ` I liked your script . ' He hired her on the spot ! '' She was , said Weber , `` someone who barely knew what movies were . It never got through to her that the people in the movie , the other actors , had names that were n't their real names . '' Her own character had to be called Linda `` because that was the only thing she would respond to '' . `` Linda was instinctively brilliant , '' said Gere . `` And with anyone with that kind of brilliance , you just give them space . Terry was smart enough and sensitive enough to just let her be . And she 's extraordinary in the film because of that . '' If her striking physiognomy and unself-conscious mannerisms were spellbinding , it was her otherworldly narration , which was not in the original script , that helped lift Days of Heaven into a divine class of its own . Malick and Weber had struggled to shape the material in the editing room -- Paramount was not shown a cut of the film until 20 months after shooting had wrapped -- and it was during this arduous process that the idea arose to use Manz 's musings as a kind of connective tissue . Most voiceovers provide clarity or fill in gaps . This one does nothing of the sort : Manz 's elliptical stream-of-consciousness , given a hard edge by her chewy New York drawl , often goes against the grain of the image , mixing tenses and introducing digressions and non-sequiturs . `` They took me into a voice recording studio , '' she told the Village Voice in 2011 . `` No script , nothing , I just watched the movie and rambled on . '' One of the most memorable passages of her narration -LRB- `` There 's gon na be creatures running every which way , some of them burned , half their wings burning ... '' -RRB- was taken from Manz paraphrasing for Malick the Book of Revelation , which she had recently discovered and about which she was eager to tell him . `` Her voice and her ability to very nakedly , but kind of pleasantly and poetically , describe her universe is mind-boggling , '' said Gere . `` This movie would not be that movie without that voiceover , would n't be that way without the quality of her voice , just the timbre of her voice is so interesting . '' Malick did not make another film for 20 years ; Manz , too , soon disappeared for almost as long . Immediately after Days of Heaven she played Peewee , the plucky , pint-sized girlfriend of a gargantuan skinhead , in The Wanderers -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , adapted from Richard Price 's novel about 1960s gangs in the Bronx . The writer-director Philip Kaufman was so bewitched by Manz that he created the character especially for her . She was also intensely powerful in her only lead role , in Dennis Hopper 's punk psychodrama Out of the Blue -LRB- 1980 -RRB- . She played Cebe , a disaffected teenager struggling to reconnect with her ex-con father -LRB- Hopper -RRB- . Whether playing drums on stage , doggedly singing Elvis Presley 's Teddy Bear as her parents ' marriage disintegrates around her or simply idling on the streets gawping at the world , Manz was electrifying . `` I think I was Cebe , '' she said . She was born in New York , where she attended half a dozen schools . Her father had walked out when she was two ; `` For a long time , I was always asking people to adopt me , '' she said . She was raised by her mother , Sophie , a cleaner , who encouraged her to attend acting classes . Along with Days of Heaven , The Wanderers and Out of the Blue , she also appeared in Boardwalk and as a juvenile delinquent in the sitcom Dorothy -LRB- both 1979 -RRB- , which ran for only four episodes in the same year . In the early 1980s , she gave up acting . `` There was a whole bunch of new young actors out there , and I was kind of getting lost in the shuffle , '' she said . `` So I laid back and had three kids . Now I enjoy just staying home and cooking soup . '' She married Bobby Guthrie , who was the camera operator who came to Michael Jackson 's rescue when his hair caught fire while filming a Pepsi commercial . In 1997 , she made a low-key comeback in Gummo , Harmony Korine 's disturbing portrait of small-town American youth , in which she brandished a gun and tap-danced in over-sized men 's shoes . What she did , said Korine , `` was n't even acting . It was like the way I felt about Buster Keaton when I first saw him . There was a kind of poetry about her , a glow . '' In the same year , she appeared in one scene in David Fincher 's thriller The Game , starring Michael Douglas . As quickly as she returned , she vanished again , leaving a mountainous untainted reputation built on the smallest molehill of work . She is survived by Guthrie and their children , Michael and William , as well as three grandchildren . A third son , Christopher , died in 2018 . • Linda Manz -LRB- Linda Guthrie -RRB- , actor , born 20 August 1961 ; died 14 August 2020", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/film/2020/aug/17/linda-manz-obituary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9826031923294067}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Movies": 0.9826031923294067}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8710361135339306, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfp33DV", "stitle": "Madonna poses with tray of marijuana at 62nd birthday party in Jamaica : Photos", "seg_title_stem": "Madonna pose with tray of marijuana at 62nd birthday party in Jamaica : photo", "seg_content": "Madonna marked her 62nd birthday on Aug. 16 with a family - and love-filled outdoor celebration in Jamaica . The Queen of Pop took to Instagram to share photos and videos of herself singing Dua Lipa 's `` Levitating '' as she got ready to go out , partying with her crew and also posing with boyfriend Ahlamalik Williams , the backup dancer she 's been dating for more than a year who 's 36 years her junior , and her adult daughter , Lourdes Leon . Madge also -- as always -- courted controversy : She kicked off a slideshow of birthday photos with a picture of herself holding a tray of marijuana and rolling papers and looking at the camera with what appears to be a hand-rolled joint in her mouth . She also has a black pot leaf design on her yellow , red and green manicure . `` Welcome to Jamaica ... ... ... . #birthday #leo @ahla_malik , '' she captioned the photo slideshow , tagging Ahlamalik . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Madonna -LRB- @madonna -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 7:48 pm PDT Longtime friend Debi Mazar took to the comments to ask Madge if she could borrow her dress and also to shower her with compliments . `` You look SO beautiful and happy , '' Debi wrote , adding , `` I 'll never forget a moment in like 1982 ? -LSB- enjoying -RSB- a joint with you & walking all over NYC streets and having a real good laugh Happy BdaY Ma ! '' The slideshow also shows Madonna embracing both her eldest child , 23-year-old Lola , as well as her love , who 's 25 or 26 , as well as riding on a party bus with friends and highlighting a gorgeous and colorful tray of fresh fruits . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Madonna -LRB- @madonna -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 5:21 pm PDT She also posted a lengthy video showing more of the festivities , which featured a couple live bands performing outdoors as well as drummers and other musicians . `` Birthday Fun in Jamaica Thank you for being so welcoming !! !! '' Madge captioned the clip , which showed her fanning herself , shaking a maraca , being serenaded and drinking a bright blue cocktail . The video also showed her other kids -- son David Banda , daughter Mercy James and twin daughters Estere and Stella -LRB- son Rocco Ritchie did n't appear to be there -RRB- -- having a blast as they danced in a group . Video : Is a Baby on the Way for Justin Bieber & Hailey Baldwin ? | Billboard News -LRB- Billboard -RRB-", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/music/celebrity/madonna-poses-with-tray-of-marijuana-at-62nd-birthday-party-in-jamaica-photos/ar-BB183NnN", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9999626874923706}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9999626874923706}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2851194875742193, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'fucked': 1, 'cum': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'fucked': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfp50Uu", "stitle": "Watch Members Of Windhand , Cave In , & Fucked And Bound Cover Type O Negative", "seg_title_stem": "watch Members of Windhand , Cave in , & Fucked and bind Cover type o negative", "seg_content": "These past few months , the weekly Two Minutes To Late Night videos have been something to look forward to . Two Minutes To Late Night , brainchild of the comedian Jordan Olds , was a metal-themed talk show parody that aired out of the Brooklyn venue Saint Vitus . These days , it 's something else . Every week , musicians from the worlds of punk , metal , and hardcore get together to cover classic songs remotely from their houses and practice spaces . Last week , it was Ted Leo leading a version of the Replacements ' `` Kids Do n't Follow . '' The week before it was E Street Band/Conan O'Brien legend Max Weinberg joining members of Hatebreed and My Chemical Romance to play the Misfits `` Earth A.D. '' And today , we get the Two Minutes To Late Night salute to Type O Negative . Brooklyn goth-metal overlords Type O Negative rose up out of the New York metal underground and became cult stars and , briefly , radio presences in the '90s . In 2010 , Peter Steele , the band 's glowering and towering frontman , died of an aneurysm . Type O Negative remain absolutely beloved in the underground , for good reason . They were problematic as hell , but they had colossal monster jams . If anything , their rep has only grown in recent years . In the new Two Minutes To Late Night video , Dorthia Cottrell , leader of the great Richmond doom metal band Windhand , leads a fascinating group of musicians through a version of `` Be My Druidess , '' a majestic jam from Type O Negative 's 1996 album October Rust . Cave In/Mutoid Man frontman and Old Man Gloom member Stephen Brodsky , a Two Minutes To Late Night regular , plays bass . -LRB- We also get to see Brodsky honoring Peter Steele by feeding wine and potato chips to a plastic skeleton . -RRB- Brodsky 's Cave In bandmate JR Conners plays drums . The guitarist is Leanne Martz , currently in the new band Darling with Cottrell . Keyboardist Lisa Mungo is the frontwoman of the Seattle hardcore band Fucked And Bound , and she also plays in Daughters . As always , Olds joins in on guitar , using his Gwarsenio Hall charater . The `` Be My Druidess '' cover sounds huge and satisfying , and those `` I 'll do anything to make you cum '' lyrics hit different when Dorthia Cottrell is the person singing them . Check out the cover and the Type O Negative original below . Speaking of Darling , the new band that features both Dorthia Cottrell and Leanne Martz , they announced their existence and dropped their first song last month . It 's called `` Baptists , '' and you can listen to it right here :", "url": "https://www.stereogum.com/2095016/watch-members-of-windhand-cave-in-fucked-and-bound-cover-type-o-negative/news/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.037927013418146444, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfp7Th4", "stitle": "Two charged with marijuana possession in Hoboken", "seg_title_stem": "two charge with marijuana possession in Hoboken", "seg_content": "Hoboken police officers arrested two out-of-towners on Aug. 14 after officers smelled marijuana allegedly coming from their vehicle . According to a press release from the Hoboken Police Department , at about 9:50 p.m. on Aug. 14 , Officer Anthony Olivera and Officer Shelby Seickendick were traveling eastbound on First Street when they pulled behind a white Nissan Altima stopped at the intersection of First and Harrison streets . The vehicle was stationary , no other vehicle was approaching , and the stop sign was on Harrison Street . There is no stop sign on First Street . After a few seconds , Officer Anthony Olivera activated his emergency lights in an attempt to attract the driver 's attention . The vehicle continued to remain stationary , and after a few seconds proceeded to drive forward . Officer Olivera continued in the same direction , and both officers started to smell burnt marijuana . The smell continued as they traveled behind the vehicle . After several blocks , they initiated a motor vehicle stop in the area of 115 Park Ave. The officers discovered raw marijuana , partially smoked marijuana cigarettes , and drug paraphernalia allegedly in the vehicle . The officers placed the alleged driver Krystal Nesbitt , of Union City and the passenger Ezra Moore , 22 , of Orange under arrest . They were both charged with Possession of Control Dangerous Substance Marijuana and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia . Their charges were placed on summonses , and they were released with a court date . Nesbitt also received a motor vehicle summons for Possession of Control Dangerous Substance in a Motor Vehicle . They are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law .", "url": "https://hudsonreporter.com/2020/08/17/two-charged-with-marijuana-possession-in-hoboken/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 0.5456841588020325}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Traffic": 0.5456841588020325}, "third_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Traffic_Other": 0.5456841588020325}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.862265923078643, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'virgin': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfpFD07", "stitle": "Peter Nygard accused of hiring ` sex worker ' to rape his teen sons", "seg_title_stem": "Peter Nygard accuse of hire ` sex worker ' to rape he teen son", "seg_content": "Fashion mogul Peter Nygard hired his girlfriend , a `` known sex worker , '' to rape two of his sons as teens -- saying he wanted the woman to `` make a man '' out of one of them , according to a bombshell new lawsuit . The complaint filed Sunday in Manhattan federal court alleges the sons -- who are not identified -- are also victims of the businessman who has been accused by at least 10 women of a decades-long sex-trafficking scheme , CBC News reported . `` Hopefully my experience will help other people be able to speak the truth about what 's happened to them , '' the older of the two sons said in an interview with CBC News . The men -- who are two of Nygard 's seven children -- claim they were raped by the same woman 14 years apart , with the incidents both occurring at one of their father 's properties . In the lawsuit , the older of the two sons alleges that he was raped by the woman when he was 15 years old at his father 's Bahamas residence in 2004 . He said there was `` shame '' and `` very little understanding '' at the time of the sexual assault . `` It 's one of those things that when you look back at it , I see the pattern of it -- that it happened with my younger brother -- that 's when it struck me , '' he told CBC News . The younger brother involved in the suit claims that his father `` lured , enticed and transported '' him from California to the family 's residence in Winnipeg , Canada , in the summer of 2018 . Nygard , 79 , allegedly said he wanted to `` make a man '' of the son who was 14 years old and a virgin at the time . The legal age of consent in Canada is 16 . The woman -- who was their father 's girlfriend -- worked as a `` fulltime sex worker '' and was paid with Nygard company money to assault the teens , the suit alleges . The sons , who are being represented by the same firm that launched the class-action suit against their father , are seeking an unspecified amount of damages . The older of the two sons said he hopes their stories can lend weight to Nygard 's accusers who say the fashion mogul lured them to his Bahamas estate with promises of cash and modeling opportunities . The women have claimed they were raped , sexually assaulted and forced to engage in depraved fetishes . Nygard has denied the allegations of the women . `` It 's about backing up the other people who are being called liars , '' the older son told CBC . `` I 'm hopeful that whether it 's this lawsuit or the other lawsuits that there will be some truth served because I do n't feel like anyone should get away with this type of behaviour and abuse , '' he added . Nygard 's lawyer on Sunday shot down the latest allegations in the sons ' suit as `` completely false . '' `` My client is shocked by these allegations , which he says are completely false . He categorically denies them , '' his attorney Jay Prober told CBC . `` You 'll note that the allegations are really nothing more than generalities . Details are sadly lacking . You might ask why that is . And it 's clear from my client because he says it never happened . ''", "url": "https://nypost.com/2020/08/17/peter-nygard-accused-of-hiring-sex-worker-to-rape-his-teen-sons/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9493814706802368}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9493814706802368}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0047258865391633376, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'g spot': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfpGsiL", "stitle": "Proposed recreational marijuana dispensary in Marshfield raises traffic concerns", "seg_title_stem": "propose recreational marijuana dispensary in Marshfield raise traffic concern", "seg_content": "MARSHFIELD - Plans for Marshfield 's first recreational marijuana dispensary are moving forward through the town permitting process , but concerns over added traffic to roads remain a concern for some . Representatives from Frozen 4 , a company planning to open a recreational marijuana retail and cultivation facility at 985 Plain St. , met with the zoning board of appeals last week to begin review of their site plan and special permit application . The location of the proposed recreational marijuana facility is currently the home of Buckles & Boards . Don Gibson , of the law firm Driscoll & Gibson , which is across the street from the proposed facility , submitted a letter opposing the special permit . He attended the virtual meeting to voice his concern . `` We think this is a disaster waiting to happen , '' Gibson said . The plan calls for the addition of a traffic light on Route 139 at the intersection of Plain and School streets , but until that becomes a reality , the entrance and exit to the facility would be on Lone Street . Ben Virga , of Frozen 4 , said his organization would be working closely with the town to put a `` robust '' plan in place to mitigate traffic with police details when the dispensary opens . `` We 'd work side by side with the police to make that decision , and we defer to Chief Tavares , '' Virga said . `` Whenever Chief Tavares said the plan does n't need to be in effect anymore , that 's when the plan would stop being in effect . '' Traffic issues have been common when dispensaries around the state have opened . Virga said the parking lot at the proposed facility has 123 parking spots , which would lessen the chances of a chronic problem . `` Most of the dispensaries that are opening with those parking issues that are making the news have single-digit parking spaces , '' Virga said . `` The reason we pursued this site , the reason why the emergency services of Marshfield have supported our proposal is because of the number of spots we have . '' Gibson said he did n't think the facility should be allowed to open until the traffic signal was in place . `` This signalized light is n't going to materialize for months or years as far as we know , '' he said . `` You 've heard nothing about the number of people who are going to be accessing this as customers , how many they anticipate on a hourly basis , a daily basis . '' In previous public meetings and information sessions , Gibson said Frozen 4 presented a different situation than what was in their application and that given the size of the facility , traffic considerations are especially important . `` They 're not putting in 125 parking spaces just for the sake of it , '' Gibson said . `` They expect a large customer base here , and he went to great lengths to say we do n't have to worry about that because the exit is going to be through a signalized traffic intersection . '' The public hearing was continued to Tuesday , Sept. 8 . James Kukstis can be reached at jkukstis@wickedlocal.com .", "url": "https://www.patriotledger.com/news/20200817/proposed-recreational-marijuana-dispensary-in-marshfield-raises-traffic-concerns", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 0.816741406917572}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Traffic": 0.816741406917572}, "third_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Traffic_Other": 0.816741406917572}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06157284381395341, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfpHIug", "stitle": "Ex-McDonald 's CEO Fires Back at Chain 's Effort to Strip Pay -LRB- 2 -RRB-", "seg_title_stem": "Ex-McDonald 's CEO fire back at Chain 's Effort to Strip pay -lrb- 2 -rrb-", "seg_content": "Easterbrook denies he covered up relationships with employees McDonald 's sued executive over sexual relations with workers McDonald 's Corp. 's former Chief Executive Officer Steve Easterbrook fired back at his former company for suing to clawback tens of millions of dollars in compensation , denying company claims he covered up sexual relationships with subordinates . McDonald 's officials claimed that after firing Easterbrook last year they found new information that showed the former top executive `` concealed evidence and lied about his wrongdoing . '' Easterbrook says McDonald 's had the information about his relationships with employees when it negotiated his separation agreement . `` McDonald 's -- a sophisticated entity represented by numerous internal and external experts when it entered into the separation agreement -- is ...", "url": "https://news.bloomberglaw.com/employee-benefits/ex-mcdonalds-ceo-fires-back-at-chains-effort-to-strip-pay-1", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TechnologyElectronics": 0.9990247488021851, "Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 1.0000100135803223, "TechnologyElectronics_Internet": 0.9990247488021851}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.019744121800117705, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfpWPk2", "stitle": "A Snapshot Of America 's Medical Marijuana Markets : The Recap", "seg_title_stem": "a snapshot of America 's medical Marijuana Markets : the Recap", "seg_content": "When Benzinga began collecting snapshots of America 's medical cannabis markets in the fall of 2019 , we heard many stories and opinions from across the country . The resiliency of the cannabis industry has been on full display , as have the shortcomings and highlights of several states . While there is much about America 's legal medical framework that falls short , several markets demonstrated the potential cannabis has on patients , business owners and state revenues alike . Pennsylvania has been regarded as one of the most successful medical markets to date , registering over 116,00 patients in 2018 , its first year . The lucrative market now has some lawmakers pushing for adult use laws . Florida is another medical market that is on the rise , in particular , due to the state 's eventual allowance of smokeable cannabis flower . The expanded list of consumption options has been a reported favorite at dispensaries , making up to 50 % of products sold at specific locations . While some predicted Florida could pass adult use laws on the backs of the medical market 's success , efforts stalled and shifted until 2022 . Some thriving medical markets expanded access successfully as well . Michigan proved to be a behemoth on both the medical and adult use markets since launching recreational sales in 2019 . While the state is slated to generate over $ 1 billion in revenue from adult use sales , Michigan expects to see medical figures decline in the years to come , following a trend in most adult use states , including Alaska and Oregon . Markets Struggle for Various Reasons While various markets demonstrate the potential of medical cannabis , others demonstrate its multiple pitfalls . A combination of regulations , taxes and competition from the unlicensed market serve as three of California 's most substantial roadblocks , even though the state generated $ 2.5 billion in first-year adult use sales in 2018 . While the state continues to address such matters , its recent performance indicates that better days could be here for the market . A restriction on access has been a steep hurdle in several states . They include Minnesota , which has just 18,500 active patients for a state of 5.6 million people . The limited signups is attributed to , in part , high costs for medicine and limited product choices . Other restrictive programs include Texas , which limits access to THC products to just a few conditions , with medicine prohibited from exceeding .5 % THC . That said , a deep interest in CBD is growing in cities like the capital , Austin . In some cases , state programs are so restrictive , such as Georgia 's low-THC oil program , that an article was not deemed necessary at this time . Laws were n't the only issue limiting patients , as dispensary access can be an issue as well . They can include unexpected closures , like Fargo , North Dakota 's only retail option . Other examples can be larger-scale , like in Arkansas , where several license holders did not open stores , with rumors swirling that the permits would be flipped to other buyers before ever breaking ground on a location . Standout Storylines Market evolution is occurring across the country . However , the COVID-19 pandemic became the unifying story for the second part of the series . While the virus sent shockwaves through the world , cannabis largely weathered the storm better than most markets . As such , much of the stories to stand out featured the cannabis industry 's potential , from the wide-open market taking shape in Oklahoma 's medical space . Meanwhile , in Puerto Rico , cannabis advocates believe the plant could become the island 's new growth market like pharmaceuticals were for so long . Other signs of promise came in the form of opening markets , like Utah , which came online around the time its article was published . In all , promise pushed past the pandemic , in most cases , to demonstrate the momentum of medical cannabis as of late . Several storylines wait to unfold across America 's medical cannabis markets . Election Night 2020 in November could see several states legalized medical or adult use cannabis . This prospect comes despite the setbacks posed by COVID-19 . Regardless of the election results , America looks poised to advance cannabis laws . That said , the advancement of adult-use laws could see the downfall of medical markets as the two become one , whether patients believe it is the right decision or not . In all , the markets are rapidly evolving , leaving these snapshots as momentary glances into state markets that could look drastically different in the not too distant future .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17084862/a-snapshot-of-americas-medical-marijuana-markets-the-recap", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6733292322204253, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'boob': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfpif7m", "stitle": "Botched Preview : Parisa 's Cheap Boob Job Abroad Sent Her to the Emergency Room", "seg_title_stem": "botch Preview : Parisa 's cheap Boob Job abroad send she to the emergency room", "seg_content": "MONDAYS 9 PM A post-operative nightmare . In this clip from tonight 's all-new Botched , former dancer Parisa presents her case during a consultation with doctors Terry Dubrow and Paul Nassif . Per the new patient , she had her first plastic surgery procedure done in Las Vegas , a breast augmentation with 600 cc implants . However , after retiring from dancing , Parisa says she was ready to downsize her implants . Rather than get her implants removed in the United States , Parisa reveals she went abroad for her next procedure . She explains to the Botched doctors , `` I decided to go to the Dominican Republic because it was pretty cheap . '' Yet , as Parisa tells it , there were many red flags even before her consultation . `` When I first arrived , we were waiting to have the consultation on the same day of the surgery , '' Parisa shares . `` There was about 15 girls who were getting surgeries that day ... by one surgeon . '' This fact leaves Dr. Dubrow thoroughly shocked . Botched Patients Before and After : Shocking Transformations ! `` You almost never do more than three to four surgeries in a day , '' Dr. Dubrow states in a confessional . `` Anything more than that , you 're gon na cut corners and the patients are gon na suffer . '' And that 's exactly what happened to Parisa ! After returning to the States , Parisa says she noticed `` pus coming out '' of her incision . E! `` I went to the emergency room and I was crying , '' the new patient laments . `` The doctor came in and he said , ` You need to take this out now . If the infection goes into your bloodstream , you 're dead . ' '' Upon hearing this , Dr. Nassif applauds the E.R. doctor for scaring Parisa into making the right choice . `` You can get surgical post-operative infections even when you do everything right , '' Dr. Dubrow tells the Botched camera . `` But the fact that Parisa was in a foreign country , and they do n't necessarily have the same surgical standards that we have in this country regarding surgical technique , post-operative care or even the way the tools are sterilized , you just do n't know really what caused it . '' As for Parisa 's Botched goals ? She says she just wants `` two even breasts . '' `` It really boils down to what are the risks of putting an implant in that breast , '' Dr. Dubrow concluded . `` Scary . '' Watch the consultation in the clip above .", "url": "https://www.eonline.com/news/1178972/botched-preview-parissas-cheap-boob-job-abroad-sent-her-to-the-emergency-room", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9402142763137817, "Health": 1.0000100135803223, "Lifestyle": 1.0000096559524536}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9402142763137817, "Health_FacilitiesServices": 1.0000100135803223, "Lifestyle_Fitness": 1.0000096559524536}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06519366232969219, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfprKtO", "stitle": "Yankees ' Mike Ford 's perfect response to Alex Rodriguez 's Babe Ruth comparison", "seg_title_stem": "Yankees ' Mike Ford 's perfect response to Alex Rodriguez 's Babe Ruth comparison", "seg_content": "Alex Rodriguez watched the replay . The former Yankees slugger was enamored . `` Great swing , '' Rodriguez said on the ESPN broadcast . `` Leans back . '' Then A-Rod paused . `` And Mike Ford with a little bit of a Babe Ruth look to him . '' Rodriguez was describing Ford 's two-run homer in the second inning of the Yankees ' 4-2 win over the Red Sox at Yankee Stadium on Sunday night . Yes , Rodriguez really compared the N.J. native and former Princeton University student to Ruth . While Ford is plenty talented , Ruth might be the game 's best player of all time . The 28-year-old laughed when a reporter brought it up to him postgame . Had Ford ever heard of the Ruth comparison before ? `` Yeah , maybe a joke here and there , '' Ford said . `` We 're both hefty guys I guess . The mold kind of fits there . But I 've got a long way to go to be in that conversation . I appreciate the compliment and hopefully I can keep looking like it . '' Hey , Ford forgot that they were both lefty hitters . At any rate , it was Ford 's second home run of the season . `` I 'm just looking for a good pitch to hit , '' Ford said of his approach in the at-bat . `` I 've kind of gotten out of my plan lately of hitting off fastballs . -LRB- Sunday -RRB- , it was just kind of hunting fastballs in the zone and trying to take good swings at it . Simplifying things . '' Ford has been part of a crew of Yankees reserves that include Clint Frazier and Mike Tauchman who just continue to produce as injuries pile . On Sunday , the Yankees added DJ LeMahieu to Aaron Judge , Giancarlo Stanton and Kyle Higashioka on the injured list . `` I just think we have a ton of depth , '' Ford said . `` We have a lot of guys that could play elsewhere right now and help teams win . It 's just nice when us fill-in guys can come up and have some success . '' Brendan Kuty may be reached at bkuty@njadvancemedia.com .", "url": "https://www.silive.com/yankees/2020/08/yankees-mike-fords-perfect-response-to-alex-rodriguezs-babe-ruth-comparison.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_MLB": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011598793085719473, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfq5JBT", "stitle": "Weed vending machine debuts in Colorado with more on the way", "seg_title_stem": "weed vend machine debut in Colorado with more on the way", "seg_content": "In an era when consumers can buy groceries , pet supplies and even a life-size cardboard cutout of Lizzo without directly seeing a human , one company is ensuring Coloradans can also purchase their cannabis contactless . Matt Frost is founder and CEO of Anna , what he calls a `` tricked out vending machine '' designed to take and fill orders for marijuana products . The first ones landed at Strawberry Fields dispensary in central Pueblo , where customers can now purchase flower , edibles and vape oils without having to interact with a budtender . They 'll debut at a second dispensary , Starbuds in Aurora , sometime this year . Frost , whose background is in healthcare data analytics , originally developed the concept to adapt the efficiency of a retail self-checkout system to the marijuana industry . In his home state of Massachusetts , dispensary waits can be hours-long and some shops require patrons schedule a pickup time for pre-ordered products . But as the COVID-19 pandemic forced pot shops to adapt to increased demand for online ordering and curbside pickup , Frost saw an opportunity to help them modernize and get in on the contactless craze . `` There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand holding and want that education from a live person , '' Frost said . `` With COVID and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . '' Anna set up four vending machines inside Strawberry Fields , so customers still need to show identification and check in to use them . Each one displays a digital version of the menu on a 27-inch touch screen where patrons can fill their virtual basket and pay with cash or a debit card . Anna then dispenses the items , offering a grab-and-go experience . Customers can also pre-order using the Anna app and then quickly check out using the machine . You likely wo n't find any snacks in these vending machines -- just weed , Frost said , at least for now . In addition to a Colorado expansion and Massachusetts market debut , he is also eyeing the CBD market and hopes to put Anna machines selling non-psychoactive cannabis products in gas stations and retail stores in the near future . `` The partnership that we 're about to strike I have to keep under wraps for now , but -LSB- it 's -RSB- a very significant CBD distribution opportunity that we 're excited about , '' Frost said . `` I think you 'll be seeing this rollout absolutely in the fall . '' Subscribe to our weekly newsletter , In The Know , to get entertainment news sent straight to your inbox .", "url": "https://www.lamarledger.com/2020/08/17/new-weed-vending-machine-debuts-in-colorado-so-cannabis-purchases-can-now-be-contactless/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.47850427278383467, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'bra': 1, 'flaunt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'bra': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfq6XGC", "stitle": "Kailyn Lowry Rocks Sports Bra , Flaunts Postpartum Figure", "seg_title_stem": "Kailyn Lowry Rocks Sports Bra , flaunt Postpartum Figure", "seg_content": "Kailyn Lowry has decided to set an awful example for new mothers everywhere . We 're sorry . But there 's really no other way to put it . In a photo she posted online this weekend , the Teen Mom 2 cast member donned a pair of bike shorts and a sports bra and flaunted her body ... just two weeks after giving birth to her fourth son . The 28-year-old shared the photo on Saturday in response to a fan via a Q&A session on Instagram Stories . `` Hey boo . May you please vlog again on YouTube with the boys . I miss y’ all , '' this individual wrote , prompting Lowry to shoot back : `` Yes ! I will try . Once I 'm cleared to work out I was going to try to vlog through my fitness journey ! If I can find an editor to help with videos , I 'll do that ! '' Lowry welcomed a son named Creed back on July 30 . We 're incredibly happy for her and we 've always been very supportive of Kailyn as a mother . She may not have the greatest taste in men -LRB- no offense , Chris Lopez . Actually ... yes , take a ton of offense , dude . -RRB- , but Lowry has always seemed like a dedicated and loving mother . So we 're not about to hurl any shade in her direction over having a quartet of kids by the age of 28 . We are , however , gon na point out how unhealthy it is for celebrities to flaunt their postpartum figures in the way Kailyn did this weekend . It makes it seem as though shedding those pregnancy pounds is all that matters after one becomes a parent and it sets an unfair example to other women out there -- nearly all of whom do n't have the money to afford a personal trainer or chef . If a woman gives birth and then wants to quickly get back in shape ? Cool . Go for it . If a wooman gives birth and then is overwhelmed by parenthood and simply does n't have the time or the drive to concern herself with her diet or her workout regimen ? Cool . Makes complete sense . There 's no right or wrong action here . Except when it comes to famous women going out of their way to alert followers to the condition of their post-baby body . Anyway . We digress . Kailyn has talked candidly about her son and his delivery in the days since his arrival . Most notably , Lowry confessed to giving Creed the last name Lopez because she hopes it will inspire her third baby daddy to get his act together . Hopefully , however , Kailyn is n't holding her breath for this to happen . `` This is another attempt of me trying to give -LSB- Chris -RSB- a chance to step up as a dad , '' Lopez said on the latest edition of her podcast . She added last Thursday : `` Nothing I do is going to change someone else 's behavior ; however I feel this is me giving him another chance to , like , not argue about the last name and try to be there . '' Lopez , as it turns out , actually was present for Lowry 's home delivery late last month . `` My entanglement with Chris is so complicated ... and I want to do the right thing , '' Lowry said on this same podcast . `` I know there have been periods of time where I felt he does n't deserve to have his last name passed down , but also at the same time , I do n't know . `` Maybe I should have just hyphenated both of them and called it a f -- king day . ''", "url": "https://www.thehollywoodgossip.com/2020/08/kailyn-lowry-rocks-sports-bra-flaunts-postpartum-figure/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.5984348654747009}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.5984348654747009}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006610300113897604, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfq8hdW", "stitle": "Crews responding to several lightning fires in Butte County", "seg_title_stem": "crew respond to several lightning fire in Butte County", "seg_content": "BUTTE COUNTY , Calif. -- There are multiple fires from lightning down strikes all over the unit all resources are responding appropriately . The photos in this article are taken near the Canyon Oaks Country Club . Action News Now has crews on scene of several locations . Check back here for updates .", "url": "https://www.actionnewsnow.com/content/news/Crews-responding-to-several-lightning-fires-in-Butte-County-572138751.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.005422242828905208, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfqMjN9", "stitle": "6 apply for Alpena medical marijuana businesses", "seg_title_stem": "6 apply for Alpena medical marijuana business", "seg_content": "ALPENA -- Six applications for medical marijuna businesses in Alpena were submitted today , the deadline for applications to be considered . Some of the applicants did n't include the required $ 1,500 non-refundable deposits with their packages , a city official said . Building Official Don Gilmet said all of the applications were for provisioning centers . A flurry of interest came late in the afternoon , Gilmet said . Gilmet said city staff will have to comb through the applications and then decide what to do about those who did n't include the mandated payment . He said that will be discussed in the coming days . `` We know not all of the applications are going to be good , '' Gilmet said . `` Right now , I do n't know what we are going to do . '' Earlier this year , the city voted to allow no more than two of each type of medical marijuana business within the city limits . Developers can open provisioning centers , growing facilities , testing labs , and transportation companies . None of the above businesses will be allowed downtown . Gilmet said he expects city staff 's recommendation to the Alpena Municipal Council to be on a council meeting agenda in the coming weeks . Clerk Anna Soik said two of the six applicants are local and the rest are from out of the area .", "url": "https://www.thealpenanews.com/news/local-news/2020/08/alpena-medical-marijuana-deadline-nears/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.0000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 1.0000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.39442842675858836, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfqNr9W", "stitle": "An Essential Guide To Making Your First Marijuana Experience A Great One", "seg_title_stem": "a essential Guide to make you first Marijuana experience a Great one", "seg_content": "Cannabis should n't create anxiety . Depending on the strain you use , it should ease anxiety , so let 's start there . As marijuana 's popularity spreads , more people are open to trying it . Perhaps they 've heard that their medical condition is eased or treated by medical marijuana . Maybe it 's simply time to try something other than a glass of wine at the end of the day . No matter the reason , it 's important to get the dosage right . The thing is , like most mind-altering substances , cannabis effects people in different ways . And with the myriad of choices as to how one can imbibe , it can become complicated . Cannabis should n't create anxiety . Depending on the strain you use , it should ease anxiety , so let 's start there . Indicas , Sativas And Hybrids These are the three types of marijuana plants that are harvested . Indicas are known for sedation and appetite stimulation , while sativas create more of a `` heady '' high : cerebral , creative and more active . A hybrid is a cross between sativa and indica and many people new to pot start with a hybrid . Though it 's sativa dominant , a very good strain for newbies is Jack Herer . Its uplifting high is a good start for almost anyone . If you 're looking for something more indica dominant , Bubble Kush is a very popular choice . Ways to get cannabis into one 's system vary . From smoking , vaping , and dabbing to edibles , tinctures and topicals , it can be tough to know where to start . Especially if the newcomer is enthusiastic . The best advice is do n't try everything at once , because you may freak out . The biggest risk with marijuana is the potential panic attack from being `` too high . '' It 's easily avoidable , however , if you just follow a few rules . One , if you start with edibles or tinctures , wait an hour before adding onto your dose , even if you do n't feel it yet . Plus , start with half of the recommended dose the first few times out of the gate . Two , with smoking or vaping , start with one or two hits that do n't completely fill your lungs . Hold the hits in for a few seconds and release . And three , if someone offers you a dab , the best idea is to wait . Dabs are extremely potent and not for the not-yet-initiated . However , if a dab it is , just do n't hold it in and stick to one to start . You 'll thank us later . Final tip ? Do n't try weed for the first time while drunk . For one thing , you 'll probably end up getting sick or falling asleep , and for another , alcohol increases the active components of cannabis and cannabis increases the drunk feeling . -LRB- Here 's What You Should Know About Crossfaded Highs . -RRB- Not a good look . Stick to a little bit to start , do n't mix it with other substances so it 's felt through and through and do n't be shy . The cannabis community welcomes all . The Fresh Toast is a daily lifestyle platform with a side of cannabis . For more information , visit www.thefreshtoast.com .", "url": "https://www.arcamax.com/healthandspirit/cannabisdaily/s-2399554", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3993998283960852, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'underwear': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'lingerie': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfqj6TW", "stitle": "Here 's Why Rob Kardashian Is Calling Out Sister Kim Kardashian 's Lingerie Post", "seg_title_stem": "here 's why Rob Kardashian be call out Sister Kim Kardashian 's Lingerie Post", "seg_content": "Rob Kardashian Is Back and Stuns Fans With New Pics What are brothers for ? Rob Kardashian trolled sister Kim Kardashian over her movie knowledge . The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star recently took to social media to post a photo of herself wearing a Skims tank top and underwear while holding her dog Sushi . Kim captioned the photo with her Pomeranian , `` Say hello to my little friend . '' The line is a reference to the 1983 movie Scarface , starring Al Pacino . After seeing Kim 's post , Rob could n't help but call out his sister , commenting , `` You never even seen Scarface stop playing . '' The 33-year-old star also added three crying emojis to his social media comment , which has amassed over 24,000 likes . While Kim has yet to respond to Rob , Khloe Kardashian has stepped in to reply to her younger brother , writing , `` Hahahahaha step away from the phone . '' This hilarious exchange comes amid Rob 's return to social media . While the Arthur George sock designer , who is dad to daughter Dream Kardashian , has been spending time out of the spotlight , he 's been more active online in recent months , even sharing a shirtless photo along with a series of family pictures . The University of Southern California graduate also recently enjoyed a vacation in Turks and Caicos in honor of Kylie Jenner 's birthday , which he called the `` Most Beautiful trip of my Life with the Fam '' View this post on Instagram Say hello to my little friend A post shared by Kim Kardashian West -LRB- @kimkardashian -RRB- on Aug 13 , 2020 at 3:01 pm PDT A source also shared some insight into Rob 's health and happiness . `` Rob is doing so much better and is a lot happier in general , '' the insider said . `` He is feeling better both physically and mentally . Everyone is thrilled to see how well he is doing . '' The insider added , `` They love having him around more and were excited that he joined Kylie 's birthday trip . He has been open to joining in more and wanting to be a part of things . '' Instagram Among the Kardashian-Jenner family , Khloe has been Rob 's biggest supporter . `` She looks out for him and is very protective , '' the insider told E! News . `` She 's so happy to see him making progress and encourages him to keep it up . '' Rob Kardashian / Instagram In July , Khloe opened up about Rob 's journey on E! 's Daily Pop . `` Him and I have always been so incredibly close . He 's at things a lot , we just always respect his privacy , '' Khloe shared with host Justin Sylvester . `` And he just , I do n't know , was feeling himself as he should at my birthday . He was fine with us posting a flick of him . He 's so handsome , he 's such a good person and I just love him . And I love that he 's getting a positive response because it 's just gassing him up more . It makes him feel really good and confident . That 's all I want for my brother , is to feel good about himself . ''", "url": "https://www.eonline.com/news/1179585/heres-why-rob-kardashian-is-calling-out-sister-kim-kardashians-lingerie-post", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022171386518570292, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfqpeQF", "stitle": "Lightning sparks series of fires in Butte County and Chico", "seg_title_stem": "lightning spark series of fire in Butte County and Chico", "seg_content": "CHICO , Calif. -- Firefighters are responding to a series of lightning fires in Butte County Monday morning . At least three fires were reported in the area of Upper Bidwell Park and Canyon Oaks subdivision on Chico 's east side . Smoke was seen on a PG&E camera coming from a fire near Pentz Road and Miocene Court in the Butte Valley area .", "url": "https://krcrtv.com/news/local/lightning-sparks-series-of-fires-in-butte-county-and-chico", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.999537467956543}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 0.999537467956543}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7133181738445669, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfqxOmP", "stitle": "Sex offender accused of exposing himself near playground , police say", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender accuse of expose himself near playground , police say", "seg_content": "MADISON , Wis. -- Madison police said a registered sex offender was arrested after dropping his pants near a playground . Officers were dispatched to Hiestand Park on Milwaukee Street around 7:30 p.m. Friday . Witnesses said several children were present when a man exposed himself , according to an incident report from the Madison Police Department . Madison police arrested David D. Beaugrand , 60 , on possible lewd and lascivious behavior and disorderly conduct charges . COPYRIGHT 2020 BY CHANNEL 3000 . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED . THIS MATERIAL MAY NOT BE PUBLISHED , BROADCAST , REWRITTEN OR REDISTRIBUTED .", "url": "https://www.channel3000.com/sex-offender-accused-of-exposing-himself-near-playground-police-say/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2947408534069575, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex therapist': 1, 'wild ride': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfrI04c", "stitle": "Sex Education season 3 release date , synopsis , cast , trailer , and more", "seg_title_stem": "sex education season 3 release date , synopsis , cast , trailer , and more", "seg_content": "Ever since it premiered on Netflix in 2019 , Sex Education has delighted fans with its complex characters , fantastic writing , and the ability to tell intricate stories about sex with humor and respect . Season 2 was released in its entirety in Jan. 2020 , and the season finale left fans off with a huge cliffhanger . Now , everyone 's wondering about Sex Education season 3 . Season 2 included storylines that were unexpected and touching , and I ca n't wait to see what season 3 of Sex Education has in store . Here 's what we know so far about Sex Education season 3 . Sex Education season 3 release date According to DigitalSpy , there is no official release date for season 3 of Sex Education . Deadline reported in May that the cast and crew had tentative plans to resume filming in August , but the ongoing coronavirus pandemic has left a lot up in the air . However , since both season 1 and season 2 premiered in the month of January , perhaps we can expect next season to follow a similar pattern , depending on the ability to film . Sex Education season 3 synopsis Season 2 of Sex Education was a wild ride . Otis -LRB- Asa Butterfield -RRB- and Maeve 's -LRB- Emma Mackey -RRB- sex clinic operation was put in jeopardy when Moordale hired Jean -LRB- Gillian Anderson -RRB- to help the student population after a chlamydia outbreak . Otis tried to navigate his new relationship with Ola -LRB- Patricia Allison -RRB- while coming to terms with the scope of his feelings for Maeve . The season culminated with Otis leaving Maeve a voicemail confessing his love , only for Maeve 's neighbor Isaac -LRB- George Robinson -RRB- to delete the message . Lily -LRB- Tanya Reynolds -RRB- and Ola began dating , and so did Eric -LRB- Ncuti Gatwa -RRB- and Adam -LRB- Connor Swindells -RRB- . Jean also found out she was pregnant . Season 3 will most likely deal with the fallout of all these events , and I ca n't wait to see how it plays out ! Sex Education season 3 cast Sex Education stars Asa Butterfield as Otis Milburn , an awkward teenager with an astounding amount of sexual health information . Ncuti Gatwa plays Eric Effiong , Otis ' hilarious best friend . Emma Mackey portrays Maeve Wiley , a social outcast and Otis ' partner in crime . Gillian Anderson portrays Dr. Jean F. Milburn , Otis ' mother , and a sex therapist . The series also features the talents of Connor Swindells , Kedar Williams-Stirling , Aimee Lou Wood , Chinenye Ezeudu , Patricia Allison , Tanya Reynolds , and Mikael Persbrandt . At present , it is unknown if any new faces will be coming to Moordale in season 3 , but the main cast is expected to return . Sex Education season 3 trailer There is n't exactly a trailer for season 3 , per se . Below you will find a funny video featuring Alistair Petrie , who plays Headmaster Groff in Sex Education . The video serves as a season 3 announcement , although it does n't include any new footage from next season . It does , however , feature several other works of art . It looks like the cast and crew of Sex Education just want to remind fans that the series will return . Take a look !", "url": "https://netflixlife.com/2020/08/17/sex-education-season-3-release-date/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3639299840596334, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfrNQVy", "stitle": "January Jones Steps Out In Tiny Bikini For Thirst Trap -LSB- PHOTO -RSB-", "seg_title_stem": "January Jones step out in Tiny Bikini for Thirst Trap -lsb- PHOTO -rsb-", "seg_content": "January Jones made her name in the show `` Mad Men , '' but I was more of a fan of her appearances on the `` The Last Man on Earth '' that ended in 2018 . Currently , Jones is on a TV show called `` Spinning Out . '' While Jones is acting , she is apparently taking time out for some sexy selfies for her Instagram account . She captioned her latest photo , `` It 's 103 degrees , literally thirsty -- . '' It 's 103 degrees , literally thirsty -- A post shared by January Jones -LRB- @januaryjones -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 2:13 pm PDT She sent out this `` thirst trap '' on the heels of calling her shot with NBA superstar Kawhi Leonard according to the New York Post . Jones posted two Instagram stories of the two-time NBA champion , taken after he led the Clippers to an easy 126-111 victory over the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday night . In the first story , the former star of `` Mad Men '' added a bunch of heart-eyed emojis over Leonard , and captioned the photo `` future boyfriend ?? @LAClippers , '' featuring him dripping with sweat and a towel wrapped around his neck .", "url": "https://971theticket.radio.com/articles/january-jones-steps-out-in-tiny-bikini-photo", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Basketball": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Basketball_NBA": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02792177094013282, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfrOflm", "stitle": "This Day in Yankees History : Yankees win day after the Babe passes away", "seg_title_stem": "this day in Yankees history : Yankees win day after the Babe pass away", "seg_content": "Welcome to This Day in Yankees History . The season may be underway , but that does n't mean we ca n't take a trip into the past . These daily posts will highlight two or three key moments in Yankees history on a given date , as well as recognize players born on the day . Hope you enjoy this trip down memory lane with us ! ★ ★ ★ 100 Years Ago Ray Chapman tragically dies , one day after he was struck in the head by a pitch from Yankee submariner Carl Mays . Reports indicate that it was late afternoon and that Chapman did n't react to the pitch ; in the fading light , he may have not even seen the pitch coming from Mays ' low delivery . Chapman remains the only on-field fatality in baseball history . 72 Years Ago Babe Ruth 's body is displayed at Yankee Stadium the day after his death , and an estimated crowd of over 100,000 arrives to pay their respects . On the field , Tommy Henrich hits his fourth grand slam of the season to tie Ruth 's record and propel the Yankees to an 8-1 win over the Washington Senators . 18 Years Ago Alfonso Soriano takes Mariners starter James Baldwin deep to notch 30 home runs and at least 30 stolen bases on the year . Soriano becomes the only second baseman to achieve the feat of versatility , and the second Yankee , after Bobby Bonds in 1975 . Soriano would go 30/30 two more times in his career , including 2006 , when he went 40/40 with the Nationals . ★ ★ ★ Happy 49th birthday to Jorge Posada ! The longtime catcher retired nine years ago after a sparkling career spent all with the Yankees . His 275 homers still rank in the top-ten ever for a backstop . It 's also the 33rd birthday of outfielder Thomas Neal , who made 15 appearances in his career , four of them for the 2013 Yankees . Good luck coming up with him on the Sporcle quiz . And it 's the 42nd birthday of reliver Chad Qualls , who tossed seven of his 807 career innings with the 2012 Yankees .", "url": "https://www.pinstripealley.com/2020/8/17/21370855/yankees-history-alfonso-soriano-babe-ruth-ray-chapman-death-heinrich-posada", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_MLB": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0075127113429598255, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfrPVHp", "stitle": "Troopers find nearly 2,300 lbs of marijuana during motorist assist", "seg_title_stem": "trooper find nearly 2,300 lb of marijuana during motorist assist", "seg_content": "NORTH PLATTE , Neb. . Troopers with the Nebraska State Patrol have arrested one person after discovering nearly 2,300 pounds of marijuana during a motorist assist on Interstate 80 . At approximately 1:30 p.m. Saturday , a trooper noticed a commercial box truck stopped with mechanical problems on the shoulder of eastbound I-80 at mile marker 228 , near Cozad . The trooper stopped to assist . During the motorist assist , the trooper became suspicious of criminal activity . The truck was towed to the NSP office in Lexington for a probable cause search , with assistance from the Dawson County Sheriff 's Office . The search revealed 2,295 pounds of marijuana , which was concealed inside cardboard boxes marked as electronics and other items . The estimated street value of the marijuana is more than $ 5 million . The driver , Nolan Amado , 33 , of Buckeye , Arizona , was arrested for possession of marijuana -- more than one pound , possession with intent to deliver , and no drug tax stamp . Amado was lodged in Dawson County Jail .", "url": "https://www.ksnblocal4.com/2020/08/17/troopers-find-nearly-2300-lbs-of-marijuana-during-motorist-assist/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.019952091914538173, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfrT6PJ", "stitle": "Sault Tribe members ' marijuana convictions to be expunged", "seg_title_stem": "Sault Tribe member ' marijuana conviction to be expunge", "seg_content": "SAULT STE. MARIE , Mich. -- A resolution to expunge and set aside tribal members ' marijuana offenses and past convictions passed unanimously by the Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa Indians Board of Directors . The legalized personal use and possession of marijuana has become more accepted across the country , including Sault Tribe and the state . The tribe has decriminalized marijuana for medical and recreational purposes and recently entered an agreement to sell marijuana for recreational purposes at various trust land locations . Prior marijuana convictions can create obstacles for those seeking higher education assistance , housing and employment . `` To allow convictions to remain on a tribal member 's record for an act that has been legalized is not in anyone 's best interests , neither the tribe nor its members , '' said Tribal Chairperson Aaron Payment . The Tribal Code only allowed members to apply for only one marijuana related offense to be expunged after five years , so the board decided to add expungement of all such offenses to the Tribal Code . The resolution adds expungement to Chapter 71 of the Tribal Code , which provides for setting aside past marijuana convictions . Tribal Code , Chapter 71 , section 71.1617 Vacating Offenses , now reads : `` All past marijuana convictions authorized by these Sections shall be set aside and expunged from individual records for all convictions prior to Aug. 11 , 2020 . Future convictions may be set aside pursuant to Tribal Code Chapter 77 . '' In the coming weeks , Tribal Court will be going through all previous criminal files and entering orders setting aside each marijuana conviction . A copy of the order setting aside the conviction will be sent to the affected defendants to their last known address in the next two months as the orders are completed . If an individual believes they have a previous marijuana conviction that will be set aside , and have moved or believe the address that the Court has may be out of date , they should contact the Court at -LRB-906-RRB- 635-4963 or tribalcourt@saulttribe.net with an updated address .", "url": "https://www.sooeveningnews.com/news/20200817/sault-tribe-membersrsquo-marijuana-convictions-to-be-expunged", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.000005841255188}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.000005841255188}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7907120257214255, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfrZi1e", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Had Her Breast Implants Removed After ` Struggling with Minor Health Issues '", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale have she breast implant remove after ` struggle with Minor Health Issues '", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale is `` happy '' to `` finally be fully me '' after getting her breast implants removed . The High School Musical star , 35 , revealed on Instagram that she opted for implant removal surgery after she `` began struggling with minor health issues '' that she believes may have been caused by her implants . Tisdale explained that she underwent breast enhancement surgery `` years ago '' after feeling insecure about her body . `` Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did , '' she wrote in a post shared Monday . After getting the implants , though , Tisdale started feeling off . `` But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues ... that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' she said . The Food and Drug Administration is currently investigating several breast implant makers after the implants have been linked to a type of cancer , anaplastic large cell lymphoma , or BIA-ALCL . The FDA has instructed manufactures to add a warning to implant packaging with the potential dangers . Tisdale said that she now feels happy in her body . `` This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love , '' she wrote . `` This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . '' The singer is also focused on `` living a non-toxic life '' after getting her breast implants out and started a new website , Frenshe , about what she 's learned . `` I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today ❤ '' Tisdale said .", "url": "https://people.com/health/ashley-tisdale-breast-implants-removed-after-struggling-minor-health-issues/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.6077063083648682, "Health": 0.6280397772789001}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.6077063083648682, "Health_FacilitiesServices": 0.6280397772789001}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012800563490090238, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfrhCl0", "stitle": "Why CropKing Inc Believes Greenhouses Are The Future Of Cannabis Production", "seg_title_stem": "why CropKing Inc believe Greenhouses be the future of cannabis production", "seg_content": "Do n't miss this opportunity to connect with THE cannabis movers and shakers from across the globe during Benzinga 's Virtual Cannabis Capital Conference on August 18 . Among the attendees is CropKing Inc. . Controlled environment agriculture -LRB- CEA -RRB- is any form of agriculture that attempts to modify the environment around growing plants , cold frames , frost covers , or completely automated , fully controlled greenhouse spaces . The earliest known iteration of CEA production was by Roman Emperor , Tiberius Caesar . In an attempt to eat more cucumbers as advised by his doctor , plants were placed on a moveable bed and would stay outside during appropriate weather . These beds were covered with a frame glazed with a transparent stone known as mica . And when weather conditions were unfavorable the beds were moved indoors . Although , indoor agriculture has come a long way since then and is utilized for many different crops and plants . In business for almost 40 years , CropKing Inc is a greenhouse manufacturer and hydroponic supply company that specializes in the production of both high-value veggie crops and cannabis . CropKing Inc focuses solely on controlled environment agriculture and has provided turn-key greenhouse operations in all 50 states and 20 different countries . The Future Of Cannabis Production CropKing Inc focuses heavily on grower training and education . The company works with many schools and universities to provide unique experiences and learning opportunities for the next generation of controlled environment agriculture specialists . Due to cost efficiencies , as compared to facilities that rely heavily on artificial lighting , CropKing Inc believes that the majority of cannabis production will be done in greenhouses in the future . `` We have been working in the cannabis space for the past decade , and regularly see the exorbitant cost and poor production that is a direct result of the lack of understanding that CEA and efficient agricultural practices require , '' said Brentlinger , CEO of CropKing Inc. . Brentlinger will be presenting at Benzinga 's upcoming Virtual Cannabis Capital Conference . He will be discussing controlled environment agriculture best practices , nuances , and common pitfalls that when accounted for early on can save millions of dollars down the road . `` The margins available in cannabis point to the opportunities available in this space . But , the way many commercial cannabis facilities are being built will not lead to efficient production methods which almost all producers will need in order to survive in agriculture long term , '' said Brentlinger . `` For the past decade , we have been helping growers implement these time-tested , cost-efficient methods that allow high quality and low cost to coexist . '' To learn more about CropKing Inc , you can sign up for the Virtual Cannabis Capital Conference by clicking here . Photo by Richard T on Unsplash", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17123603/why-cropking-inc-believes-greenhouses-are-the-future-of-cannabis-production", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.048224161715216006, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfrn9yo", "stitle": "20-year-old arrested after vehicle found filled with marijuana smoke , gun inside", "seg_title_stem": "20-year-old arrest after vehicle find fill with marijuana smoke , gun inside", "seg_content": "-LRB- ABC 6 News -RRB- - The Rochester Police Department arrested a 20-year-old after responding to a call in NW Rochester early Sunday morning . The RPD said it received a call for a loud noise complaint around 1:00 a.m. Sunday on the 2900 block of Monroe Dr. NW . When officers arrived they found a van in the driveway with a door open with apparent marijuana smoke coming out . Officials said four people were inside the van : a 32-year-old female from Savage , a 21-year-old male from Richfield , a 29-year-old from Lakeville and a 20-year-old from Minneapolis . Officers searched the vehicle and found a handgun inside . The 20-year-old , identified as Christan Verdinez , told officers the gun was his and also gave officers around 8 grams of marijuana . Verdinez was arrested on several possible charges including possession of a firearm with no serial number , carrying/possessing a pistol without a permit , possession of a pistol while using controlled substances and possession of a small amount of marijuana .", "url": "https://www.kaaltv.com/rochester-minnesota-news/20-year-old-arrested-after-vehicle-found-filled-with-marijuana-smoke-gun-inside/5830369/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9957167506217957}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9957167506217957}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7482113867787228, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfryq19", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals That After She Removed Her Breast Implants , She Went On A Journey Of Self-Love", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal that after she remove she breast implant , she go on a journey of Self-Love", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale published her ` most personal post ' yet on Instagram , sharing with her followers that , after removing her breast implants last winter , she went on a journey of ` self acceptance and most importantly self-love . ' Ashely Tisdale bravely shared her mental health journey in a thoughtful new post to her Instagram . In the August 17 message , the High School Musical alum , 35 , opened up about some of the darker moments in her life , and how one major change to her body sent her down a path to self-love . `` Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared , '' the actress and singer began the caption to her post , which featured the stunning star wearing a floral two-piece and taking in the warm sun on the beach . View this post on Instagram Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . ❤ Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 8:02 am PDT `` As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery , '' she revealed . `` Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues ... that I thought could be caused by my implants . '' Given the seriousness of her health scare , Ashley shared that she finally made the decision to remove her breast implants , saying , `` last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . '' Following the procedure , Ashley started her own journey `` of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . '' The actress highlighted the photo accompanying her caption , writing , `` This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . '' View this post on Instagram No makeup no filter just ME ☺ I 've always taken care of my skin but especially now that we 're home so much I try not to spend all my days in the sun . Comment below on any skin questions you have for me A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 3 , 2020 at 8:07 am PDT As she continued to courageously share her story , Ashley opened up about how she 's met with `` many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me , '' she implored her followers . The star also promoted her account for fren • shē , where she hopes that she and her fans can `` take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' In closing her beautiful message , Ashely confessed , `` I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . '' Ashley has been incredibly open about embracing her most natural self on social media . The star constantly uses her Instagram as a way to reach out to her fans , encouraging them to live their most authentic , unfiltered lives . We love seeing Ashley thrive and be so open about her mental health and self-esteem journey , and can not wait to see how she continues to use her platform !", "url": "https://hollywoodlife.com/2020/08/17/ashley-tisdale-self-love-journey-breast-implant-removal-message/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7960760921622537, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'virgin': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfsEAO8", "stitle": "Peter Nygard accused of hiring sex worker for his teenage sons", "seg_title_stem": "Peter Nygard accuse of hire sex worker for he teenage son", "seg_content": "Fashion mogul Peter Nygard hired his girlfriend , a `` known sex worker , '' to rape two of his sons as teens -- saying he wanted the woman to `` make a man '' out of one of them , according to a bombshell new lawsuit . The complaint filed Sunday in Manhattan federal court alleges the sons -- who are not identified -- are also victims of the businessman who has been accused by at least 10 women of a decades-long sex-trafficking scheme . `` Hopefully my experience will help other people be able to speak the truth about what 's happened to them , '' the older of the two sons said in an interview with CBC News . The men -- who are two of Nygard 's seven children -- claim they were raped by the same woman 14 years apart , with the incidents both occurring at one of their father 's properties , court papers say . In the lawsuit , the older of the two sons alleges that he was raped by the woman when he was 15 years old at his father 's Bahamas residence in 2004 . He said there was `` shame '' and `` very little understanding '' at the time of the sexual assault . `` It 's one of those things that when you look back at it , I see the pattern of it -- that it happened with my younger brother -- that 's when it struck me , '' he told CBC News . The younger brother involved in the suit claims that his father `` lured , enticed and transported '' him from California to the family 's residence in Winnipeg , Canada , in the summer of 2018 . Nygard , 79 , allegedly said he wanted to `` make a man '' of the son who was 14 years old and a virgin at the time . The legal age of consent in Canada is 16 . The woman -- who was their father 's girlfriend -- worked as a `` fulltime sex worker '' and was paid with Nygard company money to assault the teens , the suit alleges . The sons , who are being represented by the same firm that launched the class-action suit against their father , are seeking an unspecified amount of damages . The older of the two sons said he hopes their stories can lend weight to Nygard 's accusers who say the fashion mogul lured them to his Bahamas estate with promises of cash and modeling opportunities . The women have claimed they were raped , sexually assaulted and forced to engage in depraved fetishes . Nygard has denied the allegations of the women . `` It 's about backing up the other people who are being called liars , '' the older son told CBC . `` I 'm hopeful that whether it 's this lawsuit or the other lawsuits that there will be some truth served because I do n't feel like anyone should get away with this type of behaviour and abuse , '' he added . A spokesperson for Nygard said Monday that he denies the allegations . `` The complaint filed on Sunday by two John Does is completely without merit and repeats previous inaccurate accounts purely to raise salacious material , '' the spokesperson said . `` The allegations are vehemently denied . The complaint is yet another effort filled with falsehoods in a manufactured campaign and calculated conspiracy designed to destroy Peter Nygard , '' he added .", "url": "https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/peter-nygard-accused-of-hiring-sex-worker-for-his-teenage-sons", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3055089583710042, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butts': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfsO5H0", "stitle": "Painting fake eyes on cattle 's butts reduces predation by large carnivores", "seg_title_stem": "painting fake eye on cattle 's butt reduce predation by large carnivore", "seg_content": "`` Eyespots '' -LRB- markings that look like eyes but ca n't see -RRB- are found on many different kinds of animals . One of the many reasons eyespots have evolved is to discourage predators , who either do n't want to attack when an animal is looking at them or by fooling them into thinking the animal is much larger than it actually is . However , according to a new study published in Communications Biology , `` anti-predator eyespots do not occur naturally in contemporary mammals . '' researchers decided to find out if painting eyespots on cattle rumps would reduce `` attacks by ambush carnivores -LRB- lions and leopards -RRB- . '' The results were encouraging : Cattle painted with eyespots were significantly more likely to survive than were cross-marked and unmarked cattle , despite all treatment groups being similarly exposed to predation risk . While higher survival of eyespot-painted cattle supports the detection hypothesis , increased survival of cross-marked cattle suggests an effect of novel and conspicuous marks more generally . To our knowledge , this is the first time eyespots have been shown to deter large mammalian predators . Applying artificial marks to high-value livestock may therefore represent a cost-effective tool to reduce livestock predation . Radford , C. , McNutt , J.W. , Rogers , T. et al. . Artificial eyespots on cattle reduce predation by large carnivores . Commun Biol 3 , 430 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . https://doi.org/10.1038/s42003-020-01156-0", "url": "https://boingboing.net/2020/08/17/painting-fake-eyes-on-cattle.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16812939737468421, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'fuck': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'fuck': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfsVAmZ", "stitle": "The Dirty Nil Announce New Album , Fuck Art", "seg_title_stem": "the Dirty Nil Announce New Album , Fuck Art", "seg_content": "Canadian punks The Dirty Nil have announced details of their new album , Fuck Art . The follow-up to 2018 's 4K-rated Master Volume album does n't have an official release date yet , but the band have dropped an incredible video for new single Doom Boy , in which they channel their inner metalhead and destroy a perfectly good van . `` Doom Boy is one of my favourite songs we 've ever made . It 's an ode to chivalry and thrash itself , and yes , it 's my Mom 's Dodge Caravan . Crank the dial and enjoy , friends , '' says vocalist Luke Bentham . Name-checking everyone from Cro-Mags to Turnstile to Slayer in the new song , The Dirty Nil 's infectious alt.punk merges with some chunky metallic riffage for the ultimate love letter to thrash . THIS : 20 heavy Canadian bands you need to know right now Luke describes the video as `` without parallel the most dangerous video we 've ever made . '' `` When we were told that all we had to do was return the ` shell ' of the van to get half our money back , all hell broke loose . Between the roman candles , vintage mini bikes and minivan mayhem , I was quite surprised that we only had a few injuries by the end of the night . `` Do not attempt any of the antics performed in the Doom Boy video -- you 've been warned . '' Keep your eyes peeled to Kerrang ! for the latest on The Dirty Nil 's upcoming album . THIS : 11 bands who would n't be here without Weezer", "url": "https://www.kerrang.com/the-news/the-dirty-nil-announce-new-album-fuck-art/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 1.0000097751617432}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8942609913929712, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfsW1t4", "stitle": "Chrissy Teigen Reveals She Did n't Know She Was Pregnant When She Had Her Breast Implants Removed", "seg_title_stem": "Chrissy Teigen reveal she do not Know she be pregnant when she have she breast implant remove", "seg_content": "The announcement of Chrissy Teigen 's third pregnancy took many fans of the cookbook author by surprise . Chrissy is an open book in all of the best ways . Those who have followed her and husband John Legend for some time know that the couple struggled to conceive for years before turning to in vitro fertilization . Through IVF , the couple welcomed two beautiful children , 4-year-old Luna and 2-year-old Miles . Many people thought their family was complete until last week 's surprise announcement . Chrissy appears in John 's new music video for his song , `` Wild . '' The end of the video shows John behind her , cradling her bump . Curious fans asked Chrissy to share the story of how this pregnancy came to be . Just as it took so many of us by surprise , it took the couple by surprise as well . Chrissy revealed that she did n't know she was pregnant when she went under the knife to have her breast implants removed in June . A regular pregnancy test taker , the positive test completely shocked the 34-year-old .", "url": "https://www.littlethings.com/chrissy-teigen-third-pregnancy-story/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9466353058815002, "Health": 0.5587867498397827}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9466353058815002, "Health_Other": 0.5587867498397827}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.12249901667939042, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfslTNI", "stitle": "Florida Sheriff Faces Charges Following Sex Scandal Investigation", "seg_title_stem": "Florida Sheriff face charge follow sex scandal investigation", "seg_content": "Clay County Sheriff Darryl Daniels is facing felony and misdemeanor charges after ordering his deputies to arrest his mistress . Clay County , Fla. . Sheriff Darryl Daniels was arrested on Thursday , and is facing multiple charges , following an investigation into a scandal where he ordered his deputies to arrest his mistress , the Florida Times-Union reports . According to the news site , Daniels is facing a felony charge of tampering with evidence , as well as three misdemeanor counts of giving false information to law enforcement . The incident stems from May 2019 , when Daniels told his staff to arrest a woman for stalking him . That woman turned out to be Cierra Smith , a former employee with whom he began a relationship back in 2013 while they were both working at Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office , according to the Washington Post . Smith ultimately resigned while under investigation for misconduct , according to the Times-Union . Daniels , who is up for reelection , has refused to resign despite being suspended , is railing against his arrest , calling it `` dirty politics . '' `` I want you to look past the smoke screen of dirty politics , '' Daniels said according to the Times-Union . `` One thing I take ownership of as a man is my failures as a husband . That has nothing to do with me as a sheriff . '' `` I find the timing of the obtaining of a warrant and pressing of charges suspicious in light of an election that 's pending five days from now , '' Daniels ' attorney Matt Kachergus added . `` It would appear that the timing of this is designed to influence the outcome of that election . '' Daniels , who is the county 's first Black sheriff , also made news last month after threatening to deputize gun-owning residents in his jurisdiction to help quell `` lawlessness '' from protests .", "url": "https://www.essence.com/news/sheriff-darryl-daniels-scandal-arrest/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999860525131226}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999860525131226}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.9322183511415622, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {'curvy': 1, 'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfsvycF", "stitle": "Casey Costelloe Showcases Hard Body In A Tiny White String Bikini On Instagram", "seg_title_stem": "Casey Costelloe Showcases Hard Body in a Tiny White String Bikini on Instagram", "seg_content": "Casey Costelloe sent temperatures soaring on her Instagram page with another look at her fantastic figure . The Aussie model showcased her physique in a smoking hot share on Monday . The photo was snapped in Sydney , Australia , per the geotag , where Casey was seen standing on top of a tall cluster of large rocks . She posed with one knee slightly bent and her toe pointed toward the ground while resting her hands on her waist and popping her booty out to the side , emphasizing her dangerous curves . The golden sun spilled down on the star as she worked the camera , illuminating her hard body as she locked her eyes on the lens with a sultry gaze . Though there was no sign of the beach in sight , Casey looked ready to go for a swim as she rocked a tiny white string bikini that complimented her perfect tan . The two-piece included a halter-style top with thin straps , offering her audience a peek at her toned arms and shoulders . Its wide neckline fell low down the star 's chest , leaving an eyeful of her bronzed cleavage well on display . The number also featured triangle cups that further enhanced the NSFW display , as they appeared to just barely be enough to contain her voluptuous assets . Casey also rocked a pair of Brazilian-style bikini bottoms that also showed some serious skin . The garment boasted a daringly high-cut design that left the model 's sculpted legs completely exposed , while also flaunting her curvy hips . Meanwhile , its thin , stringy waistband was tied in dainty bows on either side of her hips , highlighting her trim waist , taut stomach , and chiseled abs . To completely the scanty look , Casey added a delicate gold necklace and gold hoop earrings . She left her platinum locks down , letting them fall in front of her face and down to her shoulders in a messy fashion . View this post on Instagram Trust in the process , what will be will be ???? A post shared by Casey Costelloe -LRB- @caseycostelloe -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 3:54 am PDT The snap certainly appeared to be a hit with the social media star 's fans , as it has racked up more than 5,600 likes within just five hours of going live . Dozens ventured to the comments section of the post to shower Casey with even more love . `` You look amazing like always , '' one person wrote . `` Wow that is a gorgeous and beautiful body you have , '' remarked another fan . `` Such a stunner , '' a third follower quipped . `` Sexy perfection , '' praised a fourth admirer . Fans never seem to get tired of seeing Casey in swimwear . The bombshell thrilled them again last week with a shot of her relaxing on the beach in a red string bikini . That look proved to be another favorite , racking up more than 5,000 likes and 189 comments to date .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6230027/casey-costelloe-hard-body-bikini/", "text_category": null}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7833740447719312, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wft3Mtz", "stitle": "` Family Matters ' Star Jaimee Foxworth Flaunts Her Long Hair While Wearing a Lace Bodysuit in a Throwback Snap", "seg_title_stem": "` Family matter ' Star Jaimee Foxworth flaunt she long hair while wear a Lace Bodysuit in a throwback snap", "seg_content": "Jaimee Foxworth treated fans to a `` sassy '' throwback photo of herself in a bodysuit . Fans showered the former teenage sensation with their adoration as they admired her brave journey through substance abuse and motherhood . It 's summertime and the heat is on ! Nonetheless , American actress and model Jaimee Foxworth decided to turn up the heat on Instagram , much to her fans ' delight . On Wednesday night , Foxworth shared a gorgeous throwback picture of herself in an attire that was sure to leave many of the 40-year-old 's 55k Instagram followers drooling . In the shot , a younger Foxworth looked dashing in a white lace bodysuit and a pair of shiny earrings . The actress ' purple lipstick also caught the eye as she smiled for the camera while showing off her long black hair . Foxworth confirmed that the picture was one from her old collections . However , that did n't stop fans from admiring the beauty on display , with one saying the photo was `` Oldie but goodie '' View this post on Instagram Mama . A post shared by Jaimee Foxworth -LRB- @jaimeethefoxx -RRB- on Nov 17 , 2019 at 9:06 am PST Others proceeded to shower compliments on the Illinois native , deeming her `` flawless and beautiful '' while asserting that although the pictures might be old to Foxworth , they remained `` amazing '' to her adoring fans . Foxworth was definitely feeling the love and showed her appreciation for all the support by liking every single comment on the post . Foxworth once got a restraining order against her baby daddy after he dragged her through broken glass . View this post on Instagram Old ` s . A post shared by Jaimee Foxworth -LRB- @jaimeethefoxx -RRB- on Aug 12 , 2020 at 7:07 pm PDT While the model did not specify exactly when the photo was taken , it is worth noting that the actress has maintained her figure over the years -- even after delivering her first child over a decade ago . In May 2009 , Foxworth welcomed her first -LRB- and so far , only -RRB- child with her longtime partner , Michael Shaw . The couple named their little bundle of joy Michael Douglas Shaw Jr. after his father . Foxworth described Michael Jr. 's birth as the best day of her life because she had been incredibly excited to be a mother , although she was also looking forward to getting back to work . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Jaimee Foxworth -LRB- @jaimeethefoxx -RRB- on May 24 , 2020 at 2:52 pm PDT However , life after her delivery was n't so straightforward . In September 2009 , barely four months after their son 's birth , Foxworth filed for -- and was granted -- a temporary restraining order against Shaw , which required that the rapper to stay 100 yards away from Foxworth at all times . Foxworth claimed that Shaw had verbally abused and physically harmed her by dragging her through broken glass and trying to push her out of a car while the actress fed their son . The couple parted ways soon after . View this post on Instagram Just Jaimee . A post shared by Jaimee Foxworth -LRB- @jaimeethefoxx -RRB- on Aug 6 , 2020 at 3:05 pm PDT This was the culmination of a particularly tricky time for Foxworth . The actress had gone down a dark trail of substance abuse and depression ever since she was let go from the cast of her breakout show , `` Family Matters . '' One of the show 's leads , Darius McCrary later revealed that Foxworth was fired after producers decided not to develop her character . Nonetheless , recent reports suggest the show might be set for a reboot .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/223346-family-matters-star-jamiee-foxworth-flau.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9998312592506409}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9998312592506409}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01971394495615679, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WftP3tw", "stitle": "Rochester Man Arrested after Police Reportedly Find Meth , Marijuana during Traffic Stop", "seg_title_stem": "Rochester Man arrest after police reportedly find Meth , Marijuana during Traffic Stop", "seg_content": "A report of a possibly impaired driver reportedly led to the arrest of a Rochester man Thursday night . Marshall County Police say that at 9:30 p.m. , they got a call of a dark-colored Dodge pickup with a possibly impaired driver heading south on Michigan Road from U.S. 31 . Marshall County and Argos Police reportedly pulled it over at Michigan and 15th roads a short time later . Officers say they noticed drug paraphernalia in plain sight and a search of the vehicle turned up over five grams of methamphetamine , marijuana , and paraphernalia . The driver , James Michael Shuck , 34 , was taken to jail .", "url": "https://max983.net/2020/08/rochester-man-arrested-after-police-reportedly-find-meth-marijuana-during-traffic-stop/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000009298324585}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 1.000009298324585}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04147143793151551, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WftQbb4", "stitle": "Clarion Compliance Endorses a Cannabis Risk Management Framework", "seg_title_stem": "Clarion Compliance endorse a cannabis risk management framework", "seg_content": "Independent third-party compliance company endorses cannabis risk management framework as a tool for risk management in the high-risk cannabis sector . SACRAMENTO , Calif. -LRB- PRWEB -RRB- August 17 , 2020 Clarion Compliance , an independent third-party compliance company , announces it has endorsed the cannabis risk management framework developed by the Association of Certified Commercial Cannabis Experts -LRB- ACCCE -RRB- as a tool for risk management and for early identification of non-compliant activity and streamlined reporting processes in the high-risk cannabis sector . Clarion Compliance chose the ACCCE cannabis risk management framework -LRB- CRMF -RRB- because it found this framework offers a cost-efficient roadmap to implement a compliance-based risk program that allows for more effective management and leads to greater compliance and increased profits for the cannabis business and ancillary sector . `` I am thrilled to work with and endorse the Association of Certified Commercial Cannabis Experts ' cannabis risk management framework -LRB- CRMF -RRB- , '' said Kirk Barry , CCCE , the CEO of Clarion Compliance . `` Our data at your fingertips software solution partnered with the CRMF allows cannabis businesses to immediately identify potential risks and compliance issues before they turn into profit loss issues . '' With CEO Kirk Barry receiving his own Certified Commercial Cannabis Expert -LRB- CCCE -RRB- certification , Clarion Compliance will extend the opportunity for others to certify as a CCCE and receive discounts on ACCCE membership . Additionally , Clarion also offers inspection services , backend monitoring , auditing , and loss investigations . ACCCE provides an international medium to exchange thought leadership , best practices , and industry standards and risk management for the cannabis sector . ACCCE also focuses on professional education and has a gold standard certification program so that commercial cannabis Compliance experts have the knowledge to navigate the complexities of the sector . Experts from all over the world seek ACCCE certification to better meet the expectations of their respective organizations . ACCCE is a valuable resource for continued risk management education . Clarion Compliance is pleased to be able to offer discounts on ACCCE membership and the opportunity to be certified as a certified commercial cannabis expert -LRB- CCCE -RRB- . Interested parties may contact Clarion Compliance directly . About Clarion Compliance Clarion Compliance , an independent third-party compliance company , provides risk management and compliance monitoring oversight and reporting for the banking and insurance industries along with local and state governments on licensed cannabis businesses and cannabis clients . -LRB- http://www.clarioncompliance.com -RRB- About the Association of Certified Commercial Cannabis Experts The Association of Certified Commercial Cannabis Experts -LRB- ACCCE -RRB- , the only international association for professional development and certification in the commercial cannabis industry , focuses on commercial cannabis industry risk management and best practices . Members have access to unparalleled professional educational material on risk management best practices , exclusive webinars that feature experts from multiple sectors and across the commercial cannabis industry , and the opportunity to become certified as a commercial cannabis expert on risk management . -LRB- accce.org -RRB- For the original version on PRWeb visit : https://www.prweb.com/releases/clarion_compliance_endorses_a_cannabis_risk_management_framework/prweb17328469.htm", "url": "https://www.stamfordadvocate.com/business/press-releases/article/Clarion-Compliance-Endorses-a-Cannabis-Risk-15488763.php", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6323476794058975, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WftRcRa", "stitle": "Immunotherapy extends survival in mouse model of hard-to-treat breast cancer", "seg_title_stem": "immunotherapy extend survival in mouse model of hard-to-treat breast cancer", "seg_content": "WASHINGTON , Aug. 17 , 2020 -- Immunotherapies for cancer -- treatments that prime the immune system to attack tumors -- are valuable weapons in the anti-cancer arsenal . But some cancers are more difficult to target with this strategy than others . Today , scientists report a new type of immunotherapy that dramatically extends the survival of mice that have triple negative breast tumors , a difficult-to-treat form of cancer . `` From an immunotherapy standpoint , one of the biggest problems with triple negative breast cancer is that it does n't produce any known antigens , or molecules recognized by the immune system , that are unique to the tumor , '' says Cassandra Callmann , Ph.D. , who is presenting the work . `` If you do n't have a known tumor-specific antigen , it 's hard to train your immune system to go after the tumor while ignoring healthy cells . '' According to the Triple Negative Breast Cancer Foundation , this disease accounts for 15-20 % of all breast cancers . The tumor gets its name from the fact that it tests negative for the estrogen receptor , the progesterone receptor and excess HER2 protein -- three proteins commonly produced in large amounts by other types of breast cancer . Because triple negative breast cancer lacks these markers , many commonly used breast cancer drugs are n't effective . This is one reason triple negative breast cancer has a poorer prognosis than other forms of the disease , according to the American Cancer Society . To develop a new type of treatment , Callmann , a postdoctoral fellow in the lab of Chad Mirkin , Ph.D. , at Northwestern University , needed to take a different approach from conventional immunotherapies that target a tumor-specific antigen . `` The idea was to take tumor cells , chop them up , feed them to the immune system and let it figure out what to go after on its own , '' Callmann says . Other researchers have tried this approach for different cancers , but they typically administer both the chopped-up tumor cells -LRB- called a lysate -RRB- and a molecule that stimulates the immune system , known as an adjuvant , as a mixture . Instead , the team packaged the lysate and the adjuvant together in a single nanoparticle . The nanoparticle , called a spherical nucleic acid -LRB- SNA -RRB- , contained the lysate inside its core and many copies of a DNA adjuvant radiating from its lipid membrane shell . When the team injected SNAs under the skin of mice , the SNAs traveled to the lymph nodes . There , SNAs entered the cells , released their cargo and stimulated the cells to mount an immune response against antigens in the lysate . Interestingly , a stronger immune response occurred when the researchers incorporated oxidized tumor cell lysates from stressed tumor cells into SNAs . The researchers tested the treatment on mice in which mouse triple negative breast cancer tumors were implanted . Two-thirds of mice receiving SNAs with oxidized lysates experienced complete tumor remission for at least 90 days , whereas all untreated animals died by day 30 . None of the treated mice had obvious side effects or autoimmune responses . The therapy is not yet ready for clinical trials , Callmann says . One of the next steps will be to investigate why the oxidized lysates work better than regular lysates . The team has begun to identify subsets of the lysates that are more immunogenic than others . She notes that a stressed cell could be producing different proteins , or perhaps the oxidizing agent is changing chemical groups on proteins . To get a clearer picture , Callmann plans to conduct a proteomic analysis to identify proteins that differ between oxidized and non-oxidized lysates . The oxidized lysate/SNA approach might prove useful for treating other tumors , as well . `` We have demonstrated that the overall structural presentation of a cancer vaccine or immunotherapeutic , as opposed to simply the identity of the active chemical components , dictates its potency , and this finding is opening doors in the field , '' Mirkin says .", "url": "https://sciencecodex.com/immunotherapy-extends-survival-mouse-model-hard-treat-breast-cancer-video-654258", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.8857277631759644, "Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04147143793151551, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WftVe4C", "stitle": "Clarion Compliance Endorses a Cannabis Risk Management Framework", "seg_title_stem": "Clarion Compliance endorse a cannabis risk management framework", "seg_content": "Independent third-party compliance company endorses cannabis risk management framework as a tool for risk management in the high-risk cannabis sector . SACRAMENTO , Calif. -LRB- PRWEB -RRB- August 17 , 2020 Clarion Compliance , an independent third-party compliance company , announces it has endorsed the cannabis risk management framework developed by the Association of Certified Commercial Cannabis Experts -LRB- ACCCE -RRB- as a tool for risk management and for early identification of non-compliant activity and streamlined reporting processes in the high-risk cannabis sector . Clarion Compliance chose the ACCCE cannabis risk management framework -LRB- CRMF -RRB- because it found this framework offers a cost-efficient roadmap to implement a compliance-based risk program that allows for more effective management and leads to greater compliance and increased profits for the cannabis business and ancillary sector . `` I am thrilled to work with and endorse the Association of Certified Commercial Cannabis Experts ' cannabis risk management framework -LRB- CRMF -RRB- , '' said Kirk Barry , CCCE , the CEO of Clarion Compliance . `` Our data at your fingertips software solution partnered with the CRMF allows cannabis businesses to immediately identify potential risks and compliance issues before they turn into profit loss issues . '' With CEO Kirk Barry receiving his own Certified Commercial Cannabis Expert -LRB- CCCE -RRB- certification , Clarion Compliance will extend the opportunity for others to certify as a CCCE and receive discounts on ACCCE membership . Additionally , Clarion also offers inspection services , backend monitoring , auditing , and loss investigations . ACCCE provides an international medium to exchange thought leadership , best practices , and industry standards and risk management for the cannabis sector . ACCCE also focuses on professional education and has a gold standard certification program so that commercial cannabis Compliance experts have the knowledge to navigate the complexities of the sector . Experts from all over the world seek ACCCE certification to better meet the expectations of their respective organizations . ACCCE is a valuable resource for continued risk management education . Clarion Compliance is pleased to be able to offer discounts on ACCCE membership and the opportunity to be certified as a certified commercial cannabis expert -LRB- CCCE -RRB- . Interested parties may contact Clarion Compliance directly . About Clarion Compliance Clarion Compliance , an independent third-party compliance company , provides risk management and compliance monitoring oversight and reporting for the banking and insurance industries along with local and state governments on licensed cannabis businesses and cannabis clients . -LRB- http://www.clarioncompliance.com -RRB- About the Association of Certified Commercial Cannabis Experts The Association of Certified Commercial Cannabis Experts -LRB- ACCCE -RRB- , the only international association for professional development and certification in the commercial cannabis industry , focuses on commercial cannabis industry risk management and best practices . Members have access to unparalleled professional educational material on risk management best practices , exclusive webinars that feature experts from multiple sectors and across the commercial cannabis industry , and the opportunity to become certified as a commercial cannabis expert on risk management . -LRB- accce.org -RRB- For the original version on PRWeb visit : https://www.prweb.com/releases/clarion_compliance_endorses_a_cannabis_risk_management_framework/prweb17328469.htm", "url": "https://www.mysanantonio.com/business/press-releases/article/Clarion-Compliance-Endorses-a-Cannabis-Risk-15488763.php", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.033545417708433625, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wftq7XL", "stitle": "2014 sex assault suspect focused on area near Phoenix apartments", "seg_title_stem": "2014 sex assault suspect focus on area near Phoenix apartment", "seg_content": "A rapist has been on the prowl near 47th and Glendale avenues for more than six months , according to Phoenix police . Sgt. Derek Elmore said that the man , who is described as Hispanic or Native American , has assaulted one victim in the area and attempted acts on six others since August 2014 . Elmore said the suspect is in his 20s , between 5-foot-5 and 5-foot-10 , weighs 140 to 180 pounds and has dark spiky hair . He has twice been seen in a dark , hooded sweatshirt . All of the crimes occurred with a mile of an apartment complex at 4748 W. Sierra Vista Drive . And all but one took place at night , while one other was said to have happened around 3 p.m. `` He may live in that area so he may know the area very well , '' Elmore said . `` He may live somewhere close and is able to get around and blend in to the surrounding community quite easily . '' Our next case involves the murder of a 53-year-old long-haul truck driver at his home near 45th and Olive avenues in Glendale . It was 10 p.m. on Dec. 7 , 2014 , when someone rang the doorbell . `` When the victim , Pedro Fernandez , opens the door to greet whoever it is , he 's immediately shot , '' Elmore said . `` Immediately . As soon as he opens the door . '' He died right there . Witnesses saw a dark-colored , four-door SUV leaving the area at the time of the shooting . Fernandez and his family moved to Arizona from Cuba in the late 1990s . Investigators said by all accounts he was a good person with good standing in his community . There were no arguments or beefs going on at that time . They have no leads and are calling it a true `` whodunnit . '' Read more about this case . This article originally appeared Feb. 23 , 2015 .", "url": "https://ktar.com/story/279806/2014-sex-assault-suspect-focused-on-area-near-phoenix-apartments/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9987260103225708}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9987260103225708}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.00791032987781571, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WftqmRl", "stitle": "Arizona man arrested after NSP troopers found nearly 2,300 pounds of marijuana in truck", "seg_title_stem": "Arizona man arrest after nsp trooper find nearly 2,300 pound of marijuana in truck", "seg_content": "NORTH PLATTE , Neb. â $ '' An Arizona man was arrested after nearly 2,300 pounds of marijuana were found during a motorist assist on Interstate 80 . Nolan Amado , 33 , of Buckeye , Arizona was arrested for possession of marijuana , more than one pound , possession with intent to deliver and no drug tax stamp . Troopers with the Nebraska State Patrol -LRB- NSP -RRB- made the arrest . On Aug. 15 , a trooper noticed a commercial box truck stopped with mechanical problems on the shoulder of eastbound I-80 at mile marker 228 , near Cozad . The trooper stopped to assist . During the motorist assist , the trooper became suspicious of criminal activity . The truck was towed to the NSP office in Lexington for a probable cause search , with assistance from the Dawson County Sheriffâ $ ™ s Office . The search revealed 2,295 pounds of marijuana , which was concealed inside cardboard boxes marked as electronics and other items , according to NSP . NSP informed that the estimated street value of the marijuana is more than $ 5 million .", "url": "https://foxnebraska.com/news/local/arizona-man-arrested-after-nsp-troopers-found-nearly-2300-pounds-of-marijuana-in-truck", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 0.980593204498291}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Vehicles": 0.980593204498291}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06671261982325846, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfu0dos", "stitle": "Man Accused of Murder of 11-Year-Old Indicted on Sex Abuse Charges", "seg_title_stem": "man Accused of murder of 11-year-old indict on sex abuse charge", "seg_content": "A Binghamton man , who has been sitting in jail waiting for his trial on a murder charge in the death of an 11-year-old Johnson City boy , is now also being charged with two felony counts each of predatory sexual assault against a child and rape . Broome County District Attorney Michael Korchak announced August 14 the new indictment against 45-year-old Larry Harris . Korchak says a victim came forward alleging the sexual abuse happened between October 2013 and March 2019 , one month before Harris was indicted on murder and manslaughter charges in connection with the death of Jerome Smith in his mother 's apartment on Burbank Avenue . 31-year-old Shakia Crute pleaded guilty last year to obstructing authorities in their investigation into her son 's death on February 2 , 2019 . Crute was Harris ' girlfriend at the time . Prior to being charged with murder and manslaughter in the 5th-grader 's death , Harris had been jailed a little over a month after the boy 's death on drug-related charges filed by Binghamton police . No trial date has been set for Harris on any of the charges .", "url": "https://981thehawk.com/man-accused-of-murder-of-11-year-old-indicted-on-sex-abuse-charges/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3466313932225508, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfu1vQV", "stitle": "Meet the Trans Activists Fighting for Sex Worker Freedom", "seg_title_stem": "meet the Trans Activists fighting for sex worker freedom", "seg_content": "Bianey Garcia is a trans woman and activist who grew up in the Mexican city of Veracruz . In 2005 , she paid a coyote to smuggle her across the border , hoping to find a community that would accept her sexuality . `` I did n't have -LSB- any -RSB- ... family here ... . friends or -LSB- a -RSB- place to go , '' she recalls . After living on the street for months , Garcia says she was taken in by a middle-aged Colombian man who used her immigration status to intimidate her into working for him as an underage prostitute . `` He forced me to do it because he was threatening me by calling -LSB- Immigration and Customs Enforcement -RSB- , '' Garcia says . She eventually escaped and landed a job busing tables at a Manhattan restaurant . When Garcia started taking hormones to begin transitioning , she says that her changing appearance caused her to lose her job . After three months of fruitless searching , she decided to do sex work . `` This time , no one was forcing me to do it ... I keep the money ... I decided who ... to have sex with . '' Today , Garcia works for the nonprofit Make the Road New York on its campaign to decriminalize prostitution . Decriminalization bills have floundered in New York and Washington , D.C , in recent months , and the COVID-19 pandemic has shifted attention away from the issue . But advocates hope that the latest push for criminal justice reform could reenergize the movement . The first step is for policymakers to acknowledge that , for many people , selling sex is their best option for survival , and criminalizing that choice only makes their lives more difficult . Produced by Qinling Li ; camera by Qinling Li and Yuhong Pang ; graphics by Issac Reese , Regan Taylor , Paul Detrick . Photos of Garcia at a rally : Garcia and Erik McGregor/Sipa USA/Newscom , Photo of Garcia standing in street : COURTESY / NOTIMEX / Newscom , Photos of Nat Paul : National Survivor Network , TV : ID 144200920 © Sataporn Jiwjalaen | Dreamstime.com Photo of New York : ID 132954016 © Ryan Deberardinis | Dreamstime.com", "url": "https://reason.com/video/meet-the-trans-activists-fighting-for-sex-worker-freedom/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.881213903427124}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.881213903427124}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.024920668290372098, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfuDvT6", "stitle": "Intrasquad 100 Breast Swim is a New Futures Time for 16-Year-Old Gibson Holmes", "seg_title_stem": "Intrasquad 100 breast swim be a New Futures Time for 16-Year-Old Gibson Holmes", "seg_content": "At the Mason Rays Intrasquad last Friday , 16-year-old Gibson Holmes ' 58.61 100 breast broke the formidable 1:00 barrier and qualified for Futures . Stock photo via John Golliher 2020 OH RAYS AUGUST INTRASQUAD August 14th -- 22nd , 2020 Hosted by Mason Manta Rays Swim Team in City of Mason , OH Short Course Yards -LRB- SCY -RRB- Full results on Meet Mobile , search `` 2020 OH Rays August Intrasquad '' On Friday at the Mason Rays Intrasquad meet , 16-year-old Gibson Holmes broke the 1 minute barrier in the 100 breast for the first time , claiming 5th place with a new Futures qualifying time of 58.61 . The same race was dominated by Jon Bernard who placed first with a time of 56.61 and out-touched second place finisher Cameron Jones -LRB- 56.98 . -RRB- Holmes finished the day with three best times , a second place finish in the 100 back -LRB- 52.32 -RRB- to champion Noah Young -LRB- 51.22 -RRB- , and a third place finish in the 200IM -LRB- 1:52.10 . -RRB- Holmes is already qualified for Futures in the 50 , 100 , and 500 free along with the 100 fly , but next summer he can add the 100 breast to his repertoire of events . Bernard swept the field in three events on Friday , winning the 200IM -LRB- 1:50.00 -RRB- , 100 breast , and 200 free -LRB- 1:42.47 -RRB- all with best times . Even quarantine ca n't stop this 20-year-old from shaving a total of 5.34 seconds off of his seed times from the 3 events combined . On the women 's side , 17-year-old Hannah Hill dominated the sprint events by winning the 100 free -LRB- 50.62 -RRB- , 50 free -LRB- 23.58 -RRB- , and 100 back -LRB- 57.35 . -RRB- She won the 100 free with 1.61 second lead and touched first in the 50 free by .90 seconds ahead of teammates Paige Striley -LRB- 52.23 -RRB- and Kiara Anchrum -LRB- 24.57 -RRB- respectively . Throughout the day , U.S. Junior National team member Adam Chaney and Junior Nationals qualifier Braden Osborn raced neck and neck . Chaney took first place in the 100 free -LRB- 45.36 -RRB- and 50 free -LRB- 20.61 -RRB- with Osborn right on his feet with times of 45.72 and 21.06 respectively . In the end , Osborn saw gold too with a victory in the 100 fly -LRB- 49.89 . -RRB- Chaney , a recent commit to the University of Florida Gators , had his first major international meet at the 2019 World Junior Championships that included anchoring the men 's 4 × 100 free relay in a split of 47.94 , earning the team silver . The Ohio state record-holder in the 50 and 100 free earned the # 4 spot on our annual list of the top 20 NCAA swimming recruits in the boys high school class of 2020 . Osborn , a current high school senior , qualified for Junior Nationals in the 50 free and 100fly in long course last February , and he has since committed to Division I West Virginia University . He will be a great asset on the Mountaineers as his best times would have placed him 11th in the 100 fly -LRB- 49.33 -RRB- and 12th in the 100 free -LRB- 45.71 -RRB- at this year 's Big 10 Swimming and Diving Championships Other notable swims include 16-year-old Jessey Li 's first-place finish in the 100 breast -LRB- 1:03.19 -RRB- and high school senior Reese Lugbill 's 2:05.38 200IM win . Li was 0.72 seconds off of her best time of 1:02.47 , one of her Junior Nationals qualifying times along with the 50 free short course . Her 100 breast time also has her ranked 31rst in the nation among 15-16 year olds . Reese Lugbill , an Olympic Trials qualifier in the 200M breast , went on to place 2nd in the 100 breast -LRB- 1:05.13 -RRB- , out-touching her twin sister Ashley Lugbill -LRB- 1:06.12 -RRB- who also specializes in the 200 breast long course . Ashley 's best 200 breast -LRB- 2:37.32 -RRB- is a Junior Nationals qualifying time . 17-year-old Kiara Anchrum won the 100 fly with a time of 56.24 -LRB- a 1.76 add to her Winter Juniors qualifying time of 54.48 -RRB- to second-place finisher Jessey Li who touched the wall with a best time of 58.81 . Brynna Wolfe , a sophomore at Ohio State , claimed first in the 200 free -LRB- 1:53.45 -RRB- with Striley finishing second close behind -LRB- 1:55.48 . -RRB- These are the highlights from the first two days of the Mason Manta Rays Intrasquad ; in order to meet coronavirus safety standards , the meet has been separated into 6 sessions that take place over three days : Friday 8/14 : High Performance and College Saturday 8/15 : 8 & Unders Saturday 8/15 : 9-10 Saturday 8/22 : 11-12 Saturday 8/22 : 13-14 Saturday 8/22 : 15 & Overs from Senior 1 and Senior 2 The third and final day of racing at the Mason Rays Intrasquad will take place next Saturday , August 22 , for 11 & Over swimmers . At this intrasquad meet , swimmers were awarded points for placing top 16 in an event . For example , a first place finish scores 20 points , 2nd scores 17 points , and so on . Here is a list of the top three overall point scorers in the sessions swum so far : TOP OVERALL POINT SCORERS PER SESSION : Men High Performance & College Jon Bernard -LRB- 20 -RRB- = 60 Adam Chaney -LRB- 18 -RRB- = 56 Braden Osborn -LRB- 17 -RRB- = 54 9-10 Lucas Ma -LRB- 10 -RRB- = 56 Dylan Fairbanks -LRB- 9 -RRB- = 53 Caleb Tan -LRB- 9 -RRB- = 50 Gabriel Trujilo -LRB- 10 -RRB- = 50 Tommy Wang -LRB- 10 -RRB- = 50 8 & Unders Cooper Zhong -LRB- 8 -RRB- = 60 Joey DeVito -LRB- 8 -RRB- = 57 Isaac Broxterman -LRB- 8 -RRB- = 50 Women High Performance & College Hannah Hill -LRB- 17 -RRB- = 60 Jessey Li -LRB- 16 -RRB- = 53 Reese Lugbill -LRB- 17 -RRB- = 53 9-10 Sarah Li -LRB- 10 -RRB- = 60 Serena Tu -LRB- 10 -RRB- = 54 Elaine Peng -LRB- 10 -RRB- = 49 Posey Sollmann -LRB- 10 -RRB- = 49 8 & Unders Claire Liu -LRB- 8 -RRB- = 60 Harine Karthikeyan -LRB- 8 -RRB- = 50 Lia Tanase -LRB- 7 -RRB- = 50", "url": "https://swimswam.com/intrasquad-100-breast-swim-is-a-new-futures-time-for-16-year-old-gibson-holmes/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014901804815513679, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfuHn52", "stitle": "Camden County deputies seize marijuana , cocaine during traffic stop", "seg_title_stem": "Camden County deputy seize marijuana , cocaine during traffic stop", "seg_content": "On 08/12/2020 , deputies conducted a traffic stop in the area of Spencer Creek Road for a traffic violation . During the traffic stop , the driver was observed to be under the influence of a controlled substance . A search of the vehicle led to the seizure of a small amount of marijuana and a quantity of suspected Cocaine . The driver was arrested and taken to the Camden County Correctional Facility . Deputies also located a child in the vehicle and the child was released to family members . Brianna L Phelps Age 23 of Lebanon was charged with Felony Possession of a Controlled Substance , Felony Endangering Welfare of a Child , Driving While Intoxicated , and Misdemeanor Possession of a Controlled Substance . Phelps later bonded out on a $ 20,000.00 surety bond .", "url": "https://www.boonvilledailynews.com/news/20200817/camden-county-deputies-seize-marijuana-cocaine-during-traffic-stop", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.7712958455085754}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 0.7712958455085754}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.018796081332510192, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfuJ1v7", "stitle": "Schumer Asks Perdue to Delay Hemp Regulations", "seg_title_stem": "Schumer Asks Perdue to delay Hemp Regulations", "seg_content": "Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer rarely gets involved in agricultural issues . However , the Hagstrom Report says he asked Ag Secretary Sonny Perdue to delay issuing a U.S. Domestic Hemp Production final rule until 2022 . That move would allow hemp growers and producers in his home state of New York and across the country to continue to operate under the 2014 Farm Bill Pilot Program until that time . Schumer notes that COVID-19 is a solid reason for the delay . He also knows about some criticism for the interim final rule and says a delay `` will allow USDA to address some of the more pressing regulatory critiques while giving states and producers additional time to come into compliance . '' Allan Gandleman is President of the New York Cannabis Growers and Processors Association . He says the more than 700 registered hemp farmers in Schumer 's home state of New York would be negatively affected by USDA 's interim final rule on hemp . -LRB- From the National Association of Farm Broadcasters -RRB-", "url": "http://vscnews.com/schumer-perdue-hemp-delay-regulations/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.8720198273658752, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.9983572959899902}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.8720198273658752, "CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 0.9983572959899902}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06671261982325846, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfuXTo2", "stitle": "Man Accused of Murder of 11-Year-Old Indicted on Sex Abuse Charges", "seg_title_stem": "man Accused of murder of 11-year-old indict on sex abuse charge", "seg_content": "A Binghamton man , who has been sitting in jail waiting for his trial on a murder charge in the death of an 11-year-old Johnson City boy , is now also being charged with two felony counts each of predatory sexual assault against a child and rape . Broome County District Attorney Michael Korchak announced August 14 the new indictment against 45-year-old Larry Harris . Korchak says a victim came forward alleging the sexual abuse happened between October 2013 and March 2019 , one month before Harris was indicted on murder and manslaughter charges in connection with the death of Jerome Smith in his mother 's apartment on Burbank Avenue . 31-year-old Shakia Crute pleaded guilty last year to obstructing authorities in their investigation into her son 's death on February 2 , 2019 . Crute was Harris ' girlfriend at the time . Prior to being charged with murder and manslaughter in the 5th-grader 's death , Harris had been jailed a little over a month after the boy 's death on drug-related charges filed by Binghamton police . No trial date has been set for Harris on any of the charges .", "url": "https://991thewhale.com/man-accused-of-murder-of-11-year-old-indicted-on-sex-abuse-charges/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.015130193929696181, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfvSdI4", "stitle": "Weekly Refresh : Vertafore Acquired , No-Contact Cannabis Launch , and More", "seg_title_stem": "Weekly Refresh : Vertafore acquire , No-Contact Cannabis launch , and more", "seg_content": "Vertafore acquired by Roper Technologies . In what was reportedly a $ 5.35 billion , all-cash deal , the Denver-based software company has been acquired . Vertafore works with insurance providers and agencies . With a local headcount of over 600 employees , it is Denver 's fourth-largest tech employer . -LSB- Denver Business Journal -RSB- Stream raises $ 15M , plans 40 hires . The Boulder-based company provides APIs that help companies include activity feeds and chat features on their websites or apps . Its Series A funding will help it grow its headcount this year , as well as build more features for its APIs . -LSB- Built In Colorado -RSB- Inc. magazine named the state 's five fastest-growing companies . What do a cloud distributor , agtech startup , fintech provider , cannatech company and education benefits provider have in common ? They 've all grown revenues more than 3,200 percent over the last three years , and they 're all based in Colorado . -LSB- Built In Colorado -RSB- Icon Source helps athletes land sponsorships . The Denver-based startup launched last fall and its platform currently features nearly 600 athletes who rely on its technology to pair them with brands to explore potential partnerships . -LSB- Colorado Inno -RSB- No-contact cannabis vending machines launch in CO. . Boston-based anna has built self-checkout technology for cannabis dispensaries , and has partnered with two Colorado businesses , Strawberry Fields in Pueblo and Starbuds in Aurora , to launch this week . The company hopes to bring its technology to Massachusetts , Nevada , California and Canada by next year . -LSB- Businesswire -RSB-", "url": "https://www.builtincolorado.com/2020/08/17/colorado-tech-news-081720", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TechnologyElectronics": 0.8584000468254089}, "second_cat": {"TechnologyElectronics_Computers": 0.8584000468254089}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.14610356175493255, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfw3JFn", "stitle": "Madison County Sheriff 's Office arrests man on fentanyl , marijuana trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Madison County Sheriff 's Office arrest man on fentanyl , marijuana trafficking", "seg_content": "HUNTSVILLE , Ala. -- The Madison County Sheriff 's Office said a man was arrested after trafficking multiple types of drugs . The Sheriff 's Office searched a house on McClain Lane in Huntsville and discovered a large amount of marijuana , a large amount of fentanyl , several hundred Xanax pills , and $ 40,000 in cash . Terry Wayne Ball , Jr. , 34 , was booked into the Madison County Jail and charged with possession of dangerous drugs and drug trafficking . His bond was initially set at $ 302,500 . The Sheriff 's Office said more charges are likely .", "url": "https://whnt.com/news/huntsville/madison-county-sheriffs-office-arrest-man-on-fentanyl-marijuana-trafficking/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011396000385650475, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfw7Ndr", "stitle": "Two Found Dead In Home Near Pilot Butte", "seg_title_stem": "two found dead in Home near pilot butte", "seg_content": "BEND , OR -- Two people were found dead in a house on NE 12th Street near Pilot Butte Saturday night . Our news partner , Central Oregon Daily reports that at around 9:40 p.m. , Bend Police were called for a welfare check . Lt. Jill McConkey said responders found two people dead at the scene when they arrived . McConkey said she can not provide the names , ages , genders or any other information about the two people , as the investigation is ongoing . She could not comment on cause of death . McConkey said state police crime lab collected evidence throughout Saturday night and for much of Sunday . To see the Central Oregon Daily Report go here . . https://centraloregondaily.com/2-people-found-dead-in-house-near-pilot-butte-police-conducting-investigation/", "url": "https://kbnd.com/kbnd-news/local-news-feed/524430", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000002384185791}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.000002384185791}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.85277267862693, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfwBwQD", "stitle": "Madonna Celebrates 62nd Birthday With A Plate Full Of Weed", "seg_title_stem": "Madonna celebrate 62nd birthday with a plate full of weed", "seg_content": "Madonna has made a career out of shocking people with photos . From her early Penthouse photoshoot to her book Sex in the '90s , the photos usually involve the Material Girl leaving nothing to the imagination . Now that she 's in her sixties , it seems she 's mellowing out with the help of a little Jamaican ganja . You Only Turn 62 Once ! Madonna turned 62 years old on August 16th and she celebrated in style , posting a photo looking radiant as she held up a full plate of green in Jamaica . Long before marijuana was legalized in Colorado and California -LRB- among a number of other states -RRB- , Jamaica was a top destination for stoners worldwide . Drawn by the warm beaches and the mythology put out by Bob Marley , Peter Tosh , and other reggae legends about the mystical and spiritual properties of ganja , weed tourism has always been a big part of American and European travelers ' plans . View this post on Instagram Welcome to Jamaica ... ???????????????????????????? #birthday #leo @ahla_malik A post shared by Madonna -LRB- @madonna -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 7:48 pm PDT Madonna And Her Rumored Boyfriend Are Having A Lot Of Fun Joined by the man many believe is her boyfriend , dancer Ahlamalik Williams , the `` Vogue '' singer appears to be having quite the celebration on the Caribbean island . Not only did she post the photo with a full serving of grass , but also a video of her sipping a blue drink filled with all kinds of tropical ingredients , no doubt . It 's enough to make anyone jealous . View this post on Instagram ???????????????????????? Thank you for being so welcoming !! ????????????!! @ahla_malik @legit . rbn @loicmabanza @sashadm @danielesibilli @marvin . gofin @shhhrrera @baylie_olsen @mccall_olsen #davidbanda #mercyjames #estere #stella A post shared by Madonna -LRB- @madonna -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 5:21 pm PDT It 's A Family Affair While Gossip Cop still ca n't confirm if Williams is the Desperately Seeking Susan actress 's boyfriend for sure -- she 's stayed pretty mum on the subject -- it 's easy to confirm she 's been joined on the vacation with her two youngest kids , twins Estere and Stella , both of whom also appear in photos . Lourdes Leon , Madonna 's oldest , is also celebrating with mom , hugging Madonna in a blue dress in another photo , along with another picture looking very responsible and masked up on a bus with a big group of fellow revelers . As for those rumors about Madonna and Williams , well , they look pretty close in the photos . Madonna Is The Subject Of Bizarre Rumors We bust a lot of weird rumors at Gossip Cop , and Madonna is , of course , subject to some of the most out-there ones , like when we debunked a bizarre story claiming that Madonna challenged Lady Gaga to a boxing match in Las Vegas in 2018 . To be completely honest , we 're a little sad that one was n't true , but we 're glad we were proven right , as the two have obviously never faced off in the ring . That 's probably for the best , right ? Right ? H Hugh Scott Hugh Scott does n't believe aliens are hidden at Area 51 or that Elvis is alive , but he does believe birds are real and Meghan Markle is n't treated fairly by the tabloids . He 's been writing about music , movies , and celebrities for most of his adult life after realizing stocking shelves in a paper warehouse in college was n't all it was cracked up to be .", "url": "https://www.gossipcop.com/madonna-celebrates-62nd-birthday-with-a-plate-full-of-weed/2552638", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000097751617432}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 1.0000097751617432, "ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9686339497566223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.9686339497566223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009690521183964932, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfwCk2W", "stitle": "Colorado Explores More Eco-Friendly Marijuana Regulations", "seg_title_stem": "Colorado explore more eco-friendly Marijuana Regulations", "seg_content": "Legal marijuana could become less of a strain on Colorado 's environment if the pot industry embraces a new set of waste removal and packaging rules -- but not without a three-way tug-of-war between saving money , preventing black-market sales and encouraging environmental sustainability . Leftover marijuana plant matter is n't your typical twigs and leaves . Because of the plant 's intoxicating properties , commercial growing operations in Colorado ca n't just throw stems and unusable flower in an alley dumpster as if they were backyard tree trimmings . Marijuana production facilities must record every step of a marijuana plant 's life in the state 's seed-to-sale -LRB- and apparently post-sale -RRB- tracking system , including how all of the unused plant matter and product is mixed with such materials as sawdust , mature compost , bleach , coffee grounds , sand , glass or shredded paper -- as long as the marijuana-to-waste ratio is 50/50 . But this mix does n't just kill composting capabilities , according to the state Department of Public Health and Environment ; it doubles the waste that marijuana businesses send to the city dump , landfills and pick-up services . In 2019 , CDPHE data notes , 3,650 tons -LRB- 7.3 million pounds -RRB- of marijuana plant waste was produced by the state 's pot industry , with that number increased to 7,300 tons in order to meet the 50/50 requirement . Marijuana Deals Near You Bills that successfully passed the Colorado Legislature in 2018 and 2019 give the state Marijuana Enforcement Division the right to create recycling programs for fibrous and packaging waste in the pot industry , but the MED has found that a majority of marijuana businesses are n't taking advantage of the new rules . So on August 11 , the department held a stakeholder meeting of pot-industry members and state officials to discuss ways to increase participation . `` How can we dispose of plant waste in a more sustainable way while maintaining the original MED intent of safety and compliance without criminal-market diversion ? '' CDPHE small-business consultant Kaitlin Urso asked during the meeting . `` I know that there are a lot of security requirements already in place at these facilities , and dumpsters are required to be locked . But could we come up with more secure protocols , pick-ups and manifests to ensure compliance and security ? '' Urso , who led a , brought up the California approach , which allows marijuana manufacturers to dispose of their cannabis waste without diluting it with other trash and , in some cases , reuse and recycle their leftovers . However , Colorado regulators and law enforcement authorities want to ensure that marijuana waste wo n't be at risk of theft or reuse for black-market purposes , so she suggested that the state consider lowering the waste ratio from 50 percent to 30 , 20 or even just 10 percent . According to Urso , eliminating the 50/50 requirement would reduce around 122 metric tons of carbon dioxide from Colorado 's air . And some marijuana industry members suggested adding nothing to the marijuana mix , suggesting they 're confident that they can dispose of their trash in a secure manner . `` There are really no opportunities for diversion or public-health -LSB- impacts -RSB- that I 've seen , '' said Brandon Rhea , production compliance manager for Native Roots dispensaries . `` Something like being on camera , in a locked container -- I think that 's probably sufficient . '' We Believe Local Journalism is Critical to the Life of a City Engaging with our readers is essential to Westword 's mission . Make a financial contribution or sign up for a newsletter , and help us keep telling Denver 's stories with no paywalls . Support Our Journalism Several industry representatives suggested that composting old marijuana leaves and reusing plant matter for agricultural purposes was the best route toward sustainability , but MED licensing and policy director Dominique Mendiola said she believed that most true composting options `` might not be implemented out of fears of non-compliance . '' It 's not just plant matter that is responsible for the marijuana industry 's growing waste problem . Unique packaging and labeling regulations add layers of plastic and paper to the equation , as well as vaporizing cartridges for cannabis oil and childproof containers for infused products . Some dispensaries have dropboxes for recycling marijuana packages , but they can only recycle a small amount of the packaging sold out of their stores , and recycling companies require bulk amounts to pick up specific containers , presenting storage issues for dispensaries . `` Sometimes -LSB- there are -RSB- different layers of packaging that come into play because of the regulatory requirements , '' explained Ben Gelt , chair of the Cannabis Certification Council and Cannabis Sustainability Symposium . `` Even just reducing some of the labeling would open up some pathways here . '' Environmental sustainability will be revisited during the MED 's rulemaking hearings later this month and in September , with new regulations expected toward the end of 2020 . Thomas Mitchell has written about all things cannabis for Westword since 2014 , covering sports , real estate and general news along the way for publications such as the Arizona Republic , Inman and Fox Sports . He 's currently the cannabis editor for westword.com .", "url": "https://www.westword.com/marijuana/colorado-explores-sustainable-marijuana-production-regulations-11774842", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014901804815513679, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfwJQel", "stitle": "Camden County deputies seize marijuana , cocaine during traffic stop", "seg_title_stem": "Camden County deputy seize marijuana , cocaine during traffic stop", "seg_content": "On 08/12/2020 , deputies conducted a traffic stop in the area of Spencer Creek Road for a traffic violation . During the traffic stop , the driver was observed to be under the influence of a controlled substance . A search of the vehicle led to the seizure of a small amount of marijuana and a quantity of suspected Cocaine . The driver was arrested and taken to the Camden County Correctional Facility . Deputies also located a child in the vehicle and the child was released to family members . Brianna L Phelps Age 23 of Lebanon was charged with Felony Possession of a Controlled Substance , Felony Endangering Welfare of a Child , Driving While Intoxicated , and Misdemeanor Possession of a Controlled Substance . Phelps later bonded out on a $ 20,000.00 surety bond .", "url": "https://www.chillicothenews.com/news/20200817/camden-county-deputies-seize-marijuana-cocaine-during-traffic-stop", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.7712958455085754}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 0.7712958455085754}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08665041345824646, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfwKSO0", "stitle": "Missing Australian sex worker found , arrested in man 's death", "seg_title_stem": "miss australian sex worker find , arrest in man 's death", "seg_content": "An Australian sex worker reported missing last year has turned up 1,500 miles away with shorn hair -- as cops busted her over the death of a married businessman . Madeleine Lewin , 32 , went missing in New South Wales in July last year , with police releasing photos along with local media appeals for the woman with `` shoulder-length brown hair . '' Now , she has emerged 1,500 miles away in Cairns when she was arrested Sunday and charged with manslaughter , according to The Australian -- with her mugshot showing her looking radically different with close-cropped hair . Lewin 's name emerged after police made appeals for the woman last seen with businessman Anthony Brady , 52 , after he was found dead in a hotel room in the Queensland city Friday , according to police and local reports . Brady -- described by a relative as a `` loyal and loving husband and a man who loved his job '' -- flew to Cairns last Monday for work , The Australian said . The alarm was raised when he failed to get on his scheduled flight home Thursday . His body was discovered Friday in the Sunshine Tower Hotel -- not the one he had been staying at -- and cops said he had been dead at least 24 hours , according to the report . Lewin 's first court hearing was told Monday that the sex worker was on parole at the time of the death , the Cairns Post said . No other details were given on what crime it was connected to or where it happened . It was not immediately clear if she was still deemed a missing person at the time of her arrest . Detective Inspector Jason Smith refused to go into details about the businessman 's death , saying it would be `` inappropriate '' now Lewin is charged . `` We are keeping the family of the deceased updated about the progress of the investigation and we will keep talking to them as it progresses further through the courts , '' he said . `` I 'm satisfied that the charge of manslaughter is appropriate . ''", "url": "https://nypost.com/2020/08/17/missing-australian-sex-worker-found-arrested-in-mans-death/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfwOQTi", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://popcrush.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6383671534574855, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfwVxak", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals She Underwent a Breast Implant Removal Surgery : I Can ` Finally Be Fully Me '", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal she undergo a breast implant removal surgery : I can ` finally be fully I '", "seg_content": "Sharing her truth . Ashley Tisdale opened up about a very personal experience : removing her breast implants . In an Instagram update , the High School Musical actress delved into her health journey in what she said is `` probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . '' Tisdale , 35 , explained why she initially chose to get breast implants and what led her to remove them . `` As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important , '' she explained on Monday , August 17 . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . '' Tisdale continued , `` But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on -LSB- my blog -RSB- @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . '' The Carol 's Second Act alum said that her journey through this process has `` been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . '' She then went on to describe the photo she posted alongside her extensive message , which she noted was taken two months after her implants were removed . `` I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me , '' she said of the image , where she 's shown posing on the beach . Concluding her post , she reflected on her path toward accepting herself , saying : `` I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . '' Tisdale 's Instagram update also touched on how she 's learned to embrace a healthier , non-toxic lifestyle . The Merry Happy Whatever star explained that she intends to examine this further on her newly launched wellness blog Frenshe , which borrows its name from her legal moniker of Ashley French and her husband Christopher French 's surname . According to Frenshe 's website , Tisdale aims to make it easier for readers to `` explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery and even finding how to truly love ourselves . '' The Disney alum said that she 's wanted to create her blog for some time . `` I 'm so excited to connect with you guys on a more personal level and for you to finally get to know me as Ashley French , '' the Frenshe website reads . `` I 'm still learning and growing , so I might not have all the answers , but I do have a network of experts who will help us along the way . I would love nothing more for you all to take this journey with me and discover what it means to be a Frenshe ! '' Earlier this year , Tisdale shared a tidbit about her health journey that involved her removing dairy from her diet . `` Skin never looked so good , '' she wrote via Instagram at the time , sharing a video of her glowing complexion . `` I would love to say it 's just the products I use but I 've been dairy free for 5 years and I swear it changed everything with my skin.I barely break out , I know it 's hard to give up something but when you do after awhile you barely crave it and I feel healthier . '' Listen to Us Weekly 's Hot Hollywood as each week the editors of Us break down the hottest entertainment news stories !", "url": "https://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-body/news/ashley-tisdale-admits-to-undergoing-breast-implant-removal-surgery/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.5765405893325806}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.5765405893325806}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.643506890903805, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfwpGQp", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Had Her Breast Implants Removed", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she have she breast implant remove", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale Cries Proud Tears After Surviving Her `` Symptoms '' Ashley Tisdale has shared her `` most personal post '' ever . On Monday , Aug. 17 , the High School Musical alum took to her Instagram to explain her decision to remove her breast implants . `` As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important , '' the 35-year-old began . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . '' Tisdale , whose post was inspired by the launch of her new wellness website , Frenshe , went on to note that she began `` struggling with minor health issues '' that were n't adding up . Those struggles , as the Disney alum explained , included `` food sensitivities as well as gut issues '' that might 've been caused by her implants . As a result , Tisdale made the decision last winter to undergo implant removal . In her post , Tisdale told her 12.7 million Instagram followers that this has been a `` self-love '' journey . Along with her message , she shared a photo of her on the beach in a bikini . `` This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me , '' she wrote . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' View this post on Instagram Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . ❤ Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 8:02 am PDT She concluded her message by sharing , `` I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . '' Tisdale has spoken out about her mental health journey over the years , even releasing the album Symptoms about her experience . In 2018 , the artist talked to E! News about her struggles with anxiety and depression . `` I wanted to take the power away from those words , '' she explained , adding that everyone is experiencing their own struggles . `` I think it 's important to not dwell on those feelings ... be proud of them because I feel like no one is perfect . ''", "url": "https://www.eonline.com/ca/news/1179710/ashley-tisdale-reveals-why-she-had-her-breast-implants-removed", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9922545552253723}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9922545552253723}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.005559983354234146, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfwz8fW", "stitle": "Maine sets date for recreational marijuana sales", "seg_title_stem": "Maine set date for recreational marijuana sale", "seg_content": "Nearly four years after voters approved the legalized sale of recreational marijuana , Maine will start granting licenses to recreational cannabis businesses on Sept. 8 , and allow retail sales of recreational marijuana to adults age 21 and older as of Oct. 9 , state regulators said Friday . An active license is required for adult-use establishments to come into possession , process and sell adult use marijuana , including initiating plant transfers from Maine 's existing medical marijuana program . In Friday 's announcement , the Office of Marijuana Policy said it is moving ahead with its structured rollout of Maine 's nascent adult-use industry , which had been held up by the pandemic , most recently , but also a lengthy debate about how to best regulate the industry . `` The public 's health and safety are at the forefront of every decision we make at the Office of Marijuana Policy , '' said Erik Gundersen , director of the Office of Marijuana Policy . `` While we were poised to launch this new industry earlier this year , we were unwilling to sacrifice the high standards we have set for this program by launching during an emerging public health pandemic and in the absence of a testing facility , '' : he added . `` With the support of the public health community , municipalities across the state , and the industry we regulate , we have used the last few months to ensure this new industry is introduced to Maine consumers in a manner that is as responsible as possible . '' Adult-use licensees are expected to use the time between active licensure and Maine 's retail sales launch date to harvest and process marijuana , ensure those products satisfy the mandatory testing requirements and get products to retail distributors . The Office of Marijuana Policy also reminded retailers about social distancing and other measures to protect public health during COVID-19 . State officials expect to issue licenses for cultivation , manufacturing , retail sales and testing . Information on the specific number of licenses issued and the identities of active licensees will be made available on Tuesday , September 8 , 2020 . Gov. Janet Mills 's administration created Office of Marijuana Policy within Maine 's Department of Administrative and Financial Services in February 2019 . It is responsible for the oversight of all aspects of legalized marijuana , including Maine 's existing Medical Use of Marijuana Program .", "url": "https://www.mainebiz.biz/article/maine-sets-date-for-recreational-marijuana-sales", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01314096544123711, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfxSReS", "stitle": "21 lightning sparked fires in Butte County as Red Flag Warning continues", "seg_title_stem": "21 lightning spark fire in Butte County as Red Flag Warning continue", "seg_content": "OROVILLE , Calif. -- Fire crews in Butte County have been busy over the past 24 hours responding to lighting sparked fires . Monday morning Cal Fire officials reported 21 lighting sparked fires in the area . The fires came amidst an Excessive Heat Warning and a Red Flag Warning from the National Weather Service . The Red Flag Warning for critical fire danger has been extended into 9:00 Monday night for most Northstate counties .", "url": "https://krcrtv.com/news/local/21-lightning-sparked-fires-in-butte-county-as-red-flag-warning-continues", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment": 0.9999028444290161}, "second_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment_Weather": 0.9999028444290161}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfxXjyx", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://mix925abilene.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010654146271402713, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfxanu2", "stitle": "Officer Dick Reportedly Returning in Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 1 + 2 , Played by Jack Black", "seg_title_stem": "Officer Dick Reportedly Returning in Tony Hawk 's pro skater 1 + 2 , play by Jack Black", "seg_content": "One fun aspect of all the Tony Hawk games was finding and unlocking secret skaters . Though each entry in the series has its own unique guest characters , one has persisted through most of the franchise : Officer Dick . The character is an NPC that dates back to the very first game , so named because he 'd chase you down and knock you off your board . Eventually , you could unlock and play as the antagonistic enforcer . Fast forward to 2020 , and it seems like the character is making a comeback in Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 1 + 2 on PlayStation 4 . Dataminers have been picking apart the Warehouse demo , which arrived at the end of last week for those with digital pre-orders . After having a look at the demo 's files on PC , it was discovered that Officer Dick will indeed be included in the remake , but with a brand new look . It seems Jack Black will be the new face of the tenacious policeman . Black Jack is the new Officer Dick ! #TonyHawkProSkater #TonyHawk #THPS pic.twitter.com/rz4U2RTTRp -- CheezhOfficial ® -LRB- @CheezhOfficial -RRB- August 15 , 2020 Presumably , the musician/actor has provided some voice lines in addition to his likeness . News of secret skaters does make us wonder who else might make a guest appearance -- Crash Bandicoot , maybe ? Stranger things have happened . Anyway , how do you feel about Officer Dick 's grand return , and his new appearance ?", "url": "https://www.pushsquare.com/news/2020/08/officer_dick_reportedly_returning_in_tony_hawks_pro_skater_1_plus_2_played_by_jack_black", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TechnologyElectronics": 0.9997820258140564}, "second_cat": {"TechnologyElectronics_Games": 0.9997820258140564}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4533476876113266, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'intercourse': 1, 'genitals': 1, 'sex act': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfxf4Hf", "stitle": "Mom arrested for having sex with pit bull , then hanging her young kids will get taxpayer-funded lawyer", "seg_title_stem": "mom arrest for have sex with pit bull , then hang she young kid will get taxpayer-funded lawyer", "seg_content": "The notorious Pennsylvania mom who allegedly had sex with her pit bull before hanging her two small kids to death in her basement will receive a taxpayer-funded lawyer for her murder and bestiality trial , The Morning Call reports , despite widespread outrage from community members who do not want their tax dollars being thus used . Thirty-seven-year-old Lisa Snyder , a resident of Albany Township , got the OK from Berks County Judge Paul Yatron to receive a public defender after she claimed she was unable to pay for her own legal representation . The alleged committer of bestiality with the pitbull and filicidal mom could get the death penalty if she 's convicted of slaying her children , eight-year-old Conner and four-year-old Brinley . Prosecutors had claimed that the chronically unemployed `` pit bull mom '' owns a car so she should not be considered indigent in the eyes of the court , and therefore she should pick up the tab for her lawyer . Judge Yatron heard arguments in June regarding the question of whether the allegedly murderous mom who reportedly had lascivious dalliances with her pit bull would have to pay for her own lawyer . Now that the judge has made Snyder eligible for a public defender , it is not clear whether her current lawyer , Dennis Charles , will stick with this sordid case of alleged pit bull sex combined with a mom 's murder of her small children . Get the Knewz app for iOS and Android Snyder has been charged with first-degree murder , third-degree murder , tampering with evidence , endangering the welfare of children , animal cruelty , and sexual intercourse with a canine . As The U.S. Sun reports , Snyder was arrested in December following an extensive investigation into her horrifying alleged crimes . The court has already heard testimony from one of those paramedics , who recalled that Snyder was `` very anxious , very nervous '' at the time the team of first responders arrived at the grim scene . EMTs were unable to revive the children . So the kids were taken via helicopter to a local hospital . They remained on life support for three days , until it was clear that there was no hope for them and they were allowed to perish -- thus setting up the murder charges that were ultimately filed against their mother . Whichever lawyer represents the allegedly pit bull -- assaulting mom will have to contend with records indicating that Snyder googled `` how to get away with it '' days before her children were found hanging in her basement . She also allegedly searched for information about death by hanging . In a February court hearing , Jessica Senft , who is a friend of Snyder 's , testified that after all that had transpired in the wake of her arrest for sex with the pit bull and murdering her kids , the mom who now has the green light for a taxpayer-funded lawyer intended to commit suicide after being released from incarceration . In their search of Snyder 's property , police investigators found shocking photos of Snyder copulating with her pit bull , Metro reports . This included images of the pet performing a sex act on her . This evidence presents another headache for any lawyer to attempt to rationalize her documented behavior . The mom who now boasts the ability to have a taxpayer-funded lawyer went on to complain that the pit bull was biting her genitals . Snyder allegedly sent a picture documenting her bestiality with the pooch to a man while exchanging messages with him . The allegedly pit bull -- molesting mom 's lawyer has aided her in submitting a not-guilty plea for all the charges against her . Snyder has claimed that Conner committed suicide due to depression and bullying and that the young boy murdered his sister so he would n't have to meet his maker solo , WGAL reports .", "url": "https://knewz.com/mom-lawyer-pit-bull/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999949932098389}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999949932098389}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.26120736666458094, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfxgASZ", "stitle": "Marietta hotel the latest named in federal sex trafficking lawsuits", "seg_title_stem": "Marietta hotel the latest name in federal sex trafficking lawsuit", "seg_content": "Employees of a Cobb County hotel where police have responded to numerous calls over the years knew sex trafficking was taking place , newly filed federal lawsuits allege . Instead of helping victims , the suits claim , hotel employees helped the traffickers hide from police and profited from the crime ring . The two lawsuits , filed last week , are the latest targeting metro Atlanta hotels for their alleged roles in trafficking . The same hotel is named in both suits -- the Days Inn by Wyndham on Northwest Parkway in Marietta . Police have been called to investigate trafficking and numerous other crimes over the years . `` Without a venue , or crime scene , a sex trafficking venture ceases to exist , '' one of the lawsuits says . `` Defendants , for a fee , provided the crime scene , a private and anonymous venue for the 15-year-old -LRB- victim -RRB- to be sold for sex at their hotel . '' Explore4 Atlanta-area hotels face federal sex trafficking lawsuits Part of the filing was a photograph of a vending machine in the hotel 's lobby stocked with condoms , a sticker with a lewd message affixed to the glass . The companies that own and operate the Days Inn , including Lincoln Hotels , Days Inn Worldwide and Wyndham Hotel and Resorts , were contacted by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution for comment on the lawsuits , filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia . A Wyndham spokesman declined to comment . In January , Wyndham announced it had reinforced efforts to fight sex trafficking and donated hotel reward points to a nonprofit . The company also said training is required for all employees on trafficking . `` We condemn human trafficking in any form , '' Wyndham President and Chief Executive Officer Geoff Ballotti said in a statement on the company 's website . `` In recognition of National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month , we want to reinforce our partnerships with Polaris and other important anti-trafficking organizations , while continuing to educate the hospitality community on how to help identify and report trafficking activities . '' The lawsuits claim employees of the Marietta Days Inn did nothing to help known victims and sometimes acted as `` lookouts '' when officers were called to the hotel in 2018 . One of the victims was able to call the police , her lawsuit states . `` However , to further the sex trafficking enterprise and its benefits , employees of the Days Inn called the room that the plaintiff was trafficked in and informed the traffickers not to leave the room because police were in the parking lot , '' the lawsuit states . Hotel employees also overlooked signs that sex trafficking was taking place and ignored online reviews by other guests alleging criminal activity , the suits claim . `` While she was trafficked at the Days Inn , plaintiff exhibited numerous well known and visible signs of a minor sex trafficking victim in the common areas , of which defendants knew or should have known , including her age and inappropriate appearance , physical deterioration , poor hygiene , fatigue , sleep deprivation , injuries , a failure to make eye contact with others , no control of or possession of money , loitering , soliciting male patrons , and monitoring and control by her traffickers , including two older men , '' one lawsuit says . The plaintiffs are seeking trials by jury and unspecified punitive damages , according to attorney Pat McDonough , one of several involved with the lawsuits . McDonough and Jonathan Tonge work for the Andersen , Tate and Carr law firm and attorneys Pete Law , Mike Moran and Denise Hoying are employed by Law and Moran . In August , McDonough and Tonge filed four lawsuits believed to be the first in Georgia to target hotels , rather than the individuals trafficking victims . The four hotels named include a Red Roof Inn near Truist Park and a La Quinta Inn near North Point Mall . Hometown Studios , previously operating as a Suburban Extended Stay , on Peachtree Industrial Court in Chamblee and Extended Stay America on Hammond Drive near Sandy Springs are also named in the lawsuits , which are still pending . In October , a separate lawsuit filed by different attorneys identified two Clayton County hotels and their owners for their roles in sex trafficking : A Days Inn on Adamson Parkway and an America 's Best Value Inn on Old Dixie Highway . The attorneys dismissed the lawsuit in May , records showed . `` It is an honor to represent such brave survivors , '' McDonough told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution . `` Both clients are committed to seeking justice not only for themselves but also to ensure that hotels stop turning a blind eye to other children and young people who are repeatedly trapped and exploited at their hotels . '' Records show Marietta officers have often been called to the hotel , located among several businesses near Delk Road . It remains operational . In March , a standoff lasted several hours after a man attacked and kidnapped a woman inside one of the rooms , according to police . Chonsie Lamonte Pye , 34 , of Kennesaw was arrested after the incident and remained Monday in the Cobb jail , where he was being held without bond , records showed . In November , a Florida woman was found in the hotel parking lot with two crack pipes , according to her arrest warrant . Investigators determined Sarah Elizabeth Harris , who initially gave officers various false names and dates of birth , was a fugitive wanted in her home state , her warrant states . In separate incidents in 2018 , officers arrested suspects for trafficking and prostitution in both March and August , according to police . `` In spite of their knowledge about the illegal activity at the Days Inn , including multiple reports and arrests related to minor sex trafficking and other sex crimes in the twelve months prior to plaintiff 's trafficking , defendants negligently failed to implement any measures to protect their invitees , including -LRB- the -RRB- plaintiff , from becoming victims of sex trafficking at the Days Inn and continued their venture to profit from the operation of the Days Inn and the minor sex trafficking , '' one lawsuit states .", "url": "https://www.ajc.com/news/marietta-hotel-the-latest-named-in-federal-sex-trafficking-lawsuits/46KKRAPSDZCZ5AA7WLOJBOLDTM/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9992582201957703}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9992582201957703}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09094722702128688, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfxl06r", "stitle": "Mott Poll : Parents Often Butt Heads With Grandparents Over Raising Kids", "seg_title_stem": "Mott Poll : parent often Butt head with grandparent over Raising Kids", "seg_content": "Whether it 's about what methods of punishment are appropriate or how much screen time kids should have , about half of parents disagree with their own parents when it comes to raising kids . According to a C.S. Mott Children 's Hospital National Poll on Children 's Health at Michigan Medicine , 43 % of parents report having a disagreement with one or more their children 's grandparents over their parenting . One in seven reports limiting the amount of time grandparents are allowed to spend with their children . The biggest dispute is over discipline . A full 40 % of parents say dustups occur because grandparents are too soft on the child , while 14 % say grandparents are too tough ; 46 % say disagreements arise from both . What constitutes an appropriate meal or snack accounts for 44 % of disagreements , and TV/screen time is a problem 36 % of the time . Other disagreements pertain to manners -LRB- 27 % -RRB- , health/safety -LRB- 25 % -RRB- , treating some grandchildren differently than others -LRB- 22 % -RRB- , bedtime -LRB- 21 % -RRB- , and 10 % of parents say they disagree with their children 's grandparents over posting and sharing on social media . As for change , about 43 % of parents say they have asked their parents to change their behavior but less than half have complied . Another 36 % say the grandparents agreed to alter their behavior but failed to do so . The poll concludes that disagreements between parents and grandparents can have lasting implications on family relationships . `` Grandparents play a special role in children 's lives and can be an important resource for parents through support , advice and babysitting . But they may have different ideas about the best way to raise the child and that can cause tension , '' says Mott Poll co-director Sarah Clark . `` If grandparents contradict or interfere with parenting choices , it can have a serious strain on the relationship . ''", "url": "https://wcrz.com/mott-poll-parents-often-butt-heads-with-grandparents-over-raising-kids/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Society_Relationships": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Society_Relationships_Family": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfxlG9E", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://kissfm969.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3905778120666848, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfxqxui", "stitle": "Sex Pistols star Glen Matlock 's devastating health battle after seventies excess", "seg_title_stem": "sex pistol star Glen Matlock 's devastating health battle after seventy excess", "seg_content": "When punk Glen Matlock pogoed across the stage with The Sex Pistols , he never for one second thought his high-energy antics would come back to haunt him . The notorious Seventies band symbolised youthful rebellion and passion and threw everything into their live shows . Now , 40 years on , bass guitarist Glen has revealed the punishing rock and roll lifestyle came at a heavy price , leaving him with back pain so severe that at times he has been forced to walk with a stick and even left him bedridden for weeks on end . Glen , who wrote some of the band 's greatest hits including Anarchy in the UK and God Save The Queen , says : `` The pain is totally debilitating and when it strikes I ca n't move . It 's like sciatica -- the pain travels right down my legs -- and I ca n't do anything . I just lie there . At one stage I was getting quite considerable attacks all the time and it could go on for six weeks or more . `` I remember once I 'd been decorating my ensuite bathroom . I went to bed and when I woke up I could n't move even though I needed the loo . I lay there for a couple of hours , but eventually I could n't wait any longer and I was on my hands and knees walking like a dog -- the pain was so bad . `` I 've had times where I 've had to walk with a stick . It 's not just the back pain , all the opposing muscles go into spasm to compensate . But if I 'm performing I just battle through . Before I go on stage I take ibuprofen and rub Voltarol on to my lower back to help ease the pain and inflammation . And I wear a surgical support belt underneath my shirt . '' Glen , 63 , who began his music career as a teenager , first experienced back pain when he was in his mid-twenties . With a busy recording and touring schedule , rather than seek medical advice , he shrugged it off . `` Back then when the pain came on it was normally an excuse to have another port and brandy -- medicinal of course , '' he smiles . `` I enjoyed the rock and roll lifestyle . '' But as the pain worsened over the years , Glen sought professional help . He initially tried gentle stretching exercises and muscle-relaxing tablets prescribed by his doctor . When they did n't work he visited several osteopaths , a back pain clinic and top Harley Street specialists . `` Once while on tour with the Sex Pistols in Finland I had to break off and go and see an osteopath as I was really struggling , '' he recalls . `` Everyone I saw helped a little bit , but they did n't totally get rid of the pain and resigned myself to living with it . '' Three years ago an MRI scan revealed the cause of Glen 's pain was a bulging disc in his spine . A common spinal injury , a slipped or herniated disc can cause a number of problems -- severe lower back pain , numbness in the shoulders , back , arms , hands , legs or feet , neck pain , muscle weakness , and pain in the buttocks , hips or legs -- if the disc is pressing on the sciatic nerve . Glen , who has spent 40 years in the music business , including five reunion tours with The Sex Pistols and a successful solo career , believes several factors contributed in his case . `` You 're always humping guitars and equipment around , '' he explains . `` I used to play bass guitar and they 're quite big . I think driving and bad posture are part of the problem too , as well as stress . `` It 's a strange thing . I could do a weekend of gigs and nothing would happen , then on Monday morning I 'd bend over to pick up a letter and that would trigger the pain . '' Slipped discs are usually initially treated with painkillers and gentle exercise , but if that does n't work doctors might prescribe muscle relaxants or steroid injections . Surgery is not usually needed , but there is some evidence manual therapies like osteopathy , can help . Glen decided against surgery , but after 30 years of pain a friend persuaded him to visit cranial osteopath Gerald Lamb at his London clinic . Osteopathy is a way of detecting , treating and preventing health problems by moving , stretching and massaging the muscles and joints . It 's based on the principle that wellbeing depends on bones , muscles and ligaments functioning smoothly together . Cranial osteopathy involves the head and uses gentle pressure to encourage the release of stresses in the body . It is n't widely available on the NHS and Glen admits he was initially sceptical . `` The first time I went I thought , ` this is a load of old rubbish , he has n't done anything , ''' he recalls . `` I was only there 30 minutes , but it straightened me right up and now when I go , I come out feeling an inch taller . It totally takes away the pain . I 'm a different man . '' Glen , who lives in West London , is working on a new album for release in late summer . In autumn he is back on the road touring with the Glen Matlock Band , playing songs from his solo career , along with classics from his chart heyday . Even though he is now virtually pain free , Glen still has cranial osteopathy sessions every six weeks . `` If it sorts me out , its money well spent , '' he says . `` It 's important to find what works for you . You need to try to keep as fit as you can and when you 're feeling well do n't assume you 're better , be preventative . '' Glen Matlock will be touring the UK later this year . Go to glenmatlock.co.uk for more information and announcements about dates", "url": "https://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/celebrity-news/sex-pistols-star-glen-matlock-22536645", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9984631538391113, "Health": 0.9989620447158813}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9989620447158813, "ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9984631538391113}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 0.9955018162727356}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06138519245962751, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfxwbWi", "stitle": "Marijuana Vending Machines are Now In Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Vending machine be now in Colorado", "seg_content": "In the new era of social distancing , Colorado has just introduced the first-ever marijuana vending machines . The vending machine , called Anna , is making its debut at the Strawberry Fields dispensary in Pueblo , and will soon be arriving at a different dispensary , Starbuds in Aurora , Colorado . The machines will be located inside the dispensary , so customers will still have to go through the process of checking in , showing their ID , and waiting their turn to make their purchase . However , the machines will eliminate the need to talk to the budtender , if in fact , the customer knows exactly what they want . These new vending machines will dispense marijuana in what 's known as ` flower , ' which is basically the smokable marijuana bud , as well as edibles and vape oils . The founder of these machines , Matt Frost , was inspired by the long waits to purchase marijuana from dispensaries in his native Massachusetts . He had this to say about his new invention : There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand-holding and want that education from a live person . With COVID-19 and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . Frost is also planning on implementing his Anna vending machines in non-dispensary locations to dispense CBD products , which are legal to sell in places like convenience stores . -LSB- Canon City Daily Record -RSB-", "url": "https://95rockfm.com/marijuana-vending-machines-are-now-in-colorado/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07876899151208841, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfy2gOp", "stitle": "Fire rips through Lackawanna County home from cigarette butt left on couch", "seg_title_stem": "fire rip through Lackawanna County home from cigarette butt leave on couch", "seg_content": "OLD FORGE , LACKAWANNA COUNTY -LRB- WOLF -RRB- -- A fire broke out this morning in Old Forge , causing one family to lose their entire home . According to crews , the fire struck a two story home around 9:40 this morning on East Morton Street . The Old Forge Fire Marshal Dave Kimble says the fire started after a cigarette butt was placed on a couch in the basement . Each family member reportedly made it out safely .", "url": "https://fox56.com/news/local/cirgarette-butt-left-on-couch-lights-old-forge-house-in-flames", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07076297764852657, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfy5Q7S", "stitle": "Harvey Weinstein challenges NY law protecting sex abuse victims", "seg_title_stem": "Harvey Weinstein challenge NY law protect sex abuse victim", "seg_content": "Convicted rapist Harvey Weinstein is claiming New York 's Child Victims Act is unconstitutional -- in a bid to get a court to toss accusations that the fallen movie mogul sexually abused a woman nearly 20 years ago when she was just 16 , court papers show . Weinstein 's right to due process was violated when Kaja Sokola -- a former model and aspiring actress from Poland -- filed suit against him in December under the CVA , despite the fact that her claims of abuse are from 2002 and would normally be time-barred , the film producer 's lawyers said in court papers from last week . The 68-year-old convicted rapist vehemently denies Sokola 's claims that he sexually abused her in his Big Apple apartment and also denies that he met her when she was 16 , the court documents say . `` An indisputable timeline of events , corroborated by other evidence , will refute her claims of abuse , '' Weinstein 's lawyer Imran Ansari wrote in Manhattan Supreme Court papers seeking to dismiss Sokola 's case . But Weinstein -- who was sentenced to 23 years in prison for the rape and sex abuse of two women -- says the suit should be tossed out anyway since `` The CVA is unconstitutional , '' Ansari said in the court documents . The law was passed in February 2019 and opened up a look-back window that allowed victims of childhood abuse to bring claims regardless of when the alleged incidents occurred . `` Nearly 18 years after the alleged wrongdoing , Weinstein is being asked to defend a case with salacious verbal allegations made by Sokola against him , where there may be diminished evidence available in his defense due to the passage of time , while already suffering from a vilified public image , '' Ansari wrote in the court filing . The case would essentially hinge on Sokola and Weinstein 's separate `` abilities to accurately recall ... the details of alleged isolated conversations and incidents that allegedly occurred in 2002 , '' all while Weinstein claims these events never even happened , the court papers say . Weinstein -- who has been accused by more than 100 women of sexual misconduct and harassment -- has been put `` in a troubling situation , where his ability to defend against allegations he vehemently denies is hindered due to the passage of time , '' Ansari argued in the court papers . The Long Island Diocese of Rockville Centre brought similar arguments against the CVA in its November lawsuit , claiming the law was unconstitutional . It is appealing a lower judge 's decision to toss the case . Sokola 's lawyer , Kevin Mintzer , said , `` Mr. Weinstein 's claim that the Child Victims Act is unconstitutional is wrong and has already been rejected in court . `` His attack on Ms. Sokola is disgusting and has as much credibility as everything else he says : none at all . We look forward to holding him accountable in this case , as well his corporate enablers . '' The fallen Hollywood tycoon also faces a criminal case in Los Angeles for allegedly raping and sexually assaulting three women .", "url": "https://nypost.com/2020/08/17/harvey-weinstein-challenges-ny-law-protecting-sex-abuse-victims/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.6838700175285339}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6838700175285339}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfyAQPW", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://1025kiss.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.9110779232923089, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfyd1hv", "stitle": "Halle Berry Flaunts Her Toned Body in a Black Bikini in Celebration of Her 54th Birthday", "seg_title_stem": "Halle Berry flaunt she tone body in a black Bikini in Celebration of she 54th birthday", "seg_content": "Famous actress Halle Berry just clocked 54 and she took to social media to commemorate the event by sharing sizzling footage of herself in a black swimsuit with the ocean as a perfect backdrop . Halle Berry is now 54 yet she hardly looks a day over 30 ! The famous actress took to her Instagram page to celebrate her new milestone with a slow-motion video clip which showed her toned body . She captioned the post : `` Leo Season in full effect #BirthdayWeekendVibin . '' Her fans promptly took to the comments section with compliments for the gorgeous star and congratulatory messages wishing her a `` happy birthday . '' A fan wrote , `` My God , woman ! You are the Queen . Happiest of birthdays . '' The footage comes shortly after Berry shared a mouth-watering shot that captured her out on the street wearing a white T-shirt on a swimsuit bottom . She never expected she would be single for so long . View this post on Instagram Last night was surreal - Overwhelmed with pride for @tylerperry , creator of the first black-owned major film studio in our HISTORY . To have shared in this moment in some small way , standing beside the most iconic talent in celebration of his accomplishment , was an absolute honor that I will never forget . Last night Tyler dared us to dream a bigger dream for ourselves , and today I dare each of you to do the same ! A post shared by Halle Berry -LRB- @halleberry -RRB- on Oct 6 , 2019 at 11:03 am PDT In the gorgeous photo , she rode out down the street on a skateboard and spared the photographer a smile as she glanced over her shoulder . Berry is a proud mother to two children , daughter Nahla , whom she shares with her ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry , and son Maceo , by her third ex-husband Olivier Martinez . View this post on Instagram Leo Season in full effect ✨ #BirthdayWeekendVibin A post shared by Halle Berry -LRB- @halleberry -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 11:37 am PDT There has been speculation that the talented actress has a new man in her life . She has been dropping hints on her social media pages , lending credibility to the rumors . On a particular weekend , Berry sparked romance rumors after she posted a shot of herself reclining outdoors alongside an unknown man on her Instagram page . View this post on Instagram sunday , funday ❤ A post shared by Halle Berry -LRB- @halleberry -RRB- on Jul 19 , 2020 at 6:10 pm PDT Though there were no faces seen , it was evident from the intimate photo that they were getting cozy . Berry is yet to comment on the subject . However , if she really has a man now , it would be her first public one since her brief relationship with musician Alex Da Kid in 2017 . In April , she opened up to her friend , Lena Waithe , on Instagram Live about her single life . Berry admitted that while she never expected she would be single for so long , she is sure it means her next relationship will be the right one . View this post on Instagram 54 ... life just gets better and better ! ✨ A post shared by Halle Berry -LRB- @halleberry -RRB- on Aug 14 , 2020 at 9:00 am PDT Berry added that she has had enough time to think about what is truly important to her . Now that it seems she 's finally in a relationship , fans ca n't wait to find out who it is .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/223723-halle-berry-flaunts-her-toned-body-a-bla.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9989894032478333}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9989894032478333}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03267276686855597, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfz3p3s", "stitle": "Two arrested with spice , marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "two arrest with spice , marijuana", "seg_content": "Two individuals have been arrested and charged with various counts of trafficking a controlled substance after being found with Spice and marijuana during a traffic stop . Ryan Moore , public information officer with the Hattiesburg Police Department , said the traffic stop occurred at about 8 p.m. Aug. 15 on Mississippi 49 near U.S. 98 . Emerica Alford , 34 , of Collins , was arrested and charged with possession of a controlled substance and trafficking a controlled substance , as was 44-year-old Bradford Booth of Tylertown . Officers recovered 146 grams of Spice and 3 pounds of marijuana . Both individuals were booked into the Forrest County Jail .", "url": "https://www.hubcityspokes.com/news-hattiesburg-crime/two-arrested-spice-marijuana", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.14564077174101667, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wfz4C2g", "stitle": "Florida man caught with $ 20,000 in marijuana , narcotics wanted to be ` good host ' at party", "seg_title_stem": "Florida man catch with $ 20,000 in marijuana , narcotic want to be ` good host ' at party", "seg_content": "PUTNAM COUNTY , Fla. -- A man in Northeast Florida was caught headed to the beach with $ 20,000 worth of illegal narcotics in his vehicle . Deputies pulled over Randy Mathews , 57 , for not wearing his seat belt , deputies say . When they asked him where he was headed , he said he was headed to Daytona Beach to party with some girls . Mathews consented to a search of his vehicle which resulted in the confiscation of 3.5 pounds of marijuana , 300 vaping cartridges containing THC , as well as pills and 21 THC gummy packs , according to deputies . When asked about the contents of his vehicle , Mathews responded , `` You have to be a good host , '' deputies say . Mathews was arrested and charged with 12 counts of distribution of marijuana , one count of intent to sell or deliver marijuana , four counts of possession of a controlled substance without a prescription , and four misdemeanor counts of possession of drug equipment . He was taken to the Putnam County Jail and released on $ 44,500 bond .", "url": "https://cbs12.com/news/local/florida-man-caught-with-20000-in-marijuana-narcotics-wanted-to-be-good-host-at-party", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0459112209360797, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfzaDJy", "stitle": "Gym fitness franchise MADabolic planning Strip District opening", "seg_title_stem": "gym fitness franchise madabolic planning Strip District open", "seg_content": "Located at 115 26th St. , the gym will offer a grand opening on Aug. 29 and will feature free morning classes as part of its first day of operations .", "url": "https://www.bizjournals.com/pittsburgh/news/2020/08/17/new-gym-opening-strip-district.html?ana=newsbreak", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WfzyGgT", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://mix957gr.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010263608309586883, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg00ltm", "stitle": "Evacuation warning in place due to Potters Ravine Fire in Butte County", "seg_title_stem": "evacuation warning in place due to potter Ravine Fire in Butte County", "seg_content": "OROVILLE , Calif. - The Butte County Sheriff 's Office has issued an evacuation warning for Potters Ravine Drive from Oregon Gulch Road toward Lake Oroville and from Oregon Gulch Road up to Oregon City Trail in the Potters Ravine Area , north of Oroville due to a fire . Action News Now has a reporter on the way . Check back for additional updates on the Potters Ravine Fire .", "url": "https://www.actionnewsnow.com/content/news/Evacuation-warning-in-place-due-to-Potters-Ravine-Fire-in-Butte-County-572141381.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg02YIn", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://929nin.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04774579597500043, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'porn': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg0QJvD", "stitle": "FBI reports seizing 59,000 images of child porn from Utah sex offender", "seg_title_stem": "FBI report seize 59,000 image of child porn from Utah sex offender", "seg_content": "SALT LAKE CITY -- A registered sex offender is facing numerous criminal charges after local police and the FBI say they found approximately 59,000 images of child pornography in his home . Timothy Wayne Harner , 59 , of Helper , was charged Monday in Carbon County 's 7th District Court with 26 counts of sexual exploitation of a minor , a second-degree felony . Helper police , Carbon County sheriff 's deputies and FBI agents served a search warrant on Harner 's home on Thursday . `` On one computer FBI agents identified 40,000 images of child pornography . Agents also were able to identify another 19,000 images of child pornography on a digital storage device , '' according to a police affidavit . Investigators also reported locating a DVD with pictures and videos of child pornography . `` It should be noted that at the time of the initial search , FBI agents had located over 59,000 images on only two of the devices that they seized . The FBI stated that they would not be able to process all of the devices and compile all of the evidence on the scene due to the tremendous number of images they had located . The FBI agents then began to seize and bag the other electronic devices , '' the affidavit states . In addition , investigators said they found pictures Harner had allegedly taken on his cellphone in areas where children walk to and from to school . `` These images along with Mr. Harner 's criminal history provide a stark picture of Mr. Harner 's intentions to continue his pattern of exploiting children in the Helper community , '' police wrote in the affidavit . In 2001 , Harner pleaded guilty to sex abuse of a child , according to court records . He was sentenced to one to 15 years in the Utah State Prison and was required to register with the Utah Sex Offender Registry .", "url": "https://www.deseret.com/utah/2020/8/17/21372447/fbi-reports-seizing-59000-images-of-child-porn-from-utah-sex-offender", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014839658425443134, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg0RLeS", "stitle": "Evacuations ordered in Butte County as Potters Fire balloons to 1,000 acres | Update", "seg_title_stem": "evacuation order in Butte County as Potters Fire balloon to 1,000 acre | Update", "seg_content": "Updatge 8:45 p.m. . The Butte County Sheriff 's Office has again expanded the area under an evacuation warning from the Potters Fire . At 8 p.m. , the sheriff 's office added Glen Drive to Highway 162 , Highway 162 to Canyon Drive , and Canyon Drive north to the Oroville Dam as the latest area under threat from the fire . All previous evacuation warnings and orders remain . As of 8:30 p.m. , the Potters Fire had ballooned to 1,000 acres in size and was 0 % contained . The EVACUATION WARNING for the POTTERS FIRE has been expanded to include : GLEN DRIVE to HIGHWAY 162 , HIGHWAY 162 to CANYON DRIVE , CANYON DRIVE north to the OROVILLE DAM . 8.17.20 8:00 p.m. #PottersFire #ButteSheriff pic.twitter.com/EmAQsMObzr -- Butte County Sheriff -LRB- @ButteSheriff -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Update : 7:10 p.m. Authorities have called for mandatory evacuations as firefighters continue to battle a series of fires in Butte County . The Potters Fire was added as part of the Butte Lightning Complex Fire , a series of 29 fires burning northeast of Oroville . The 29 fires have burned about 100 acres and have 0 % containment . Current mandatory evacuation orders include : Evacuations on the north side of Orange Avenue from the roundabout to Long Bar Road to include residents on the north side of Long Bar Road all the way to the Feather River . Evacuations on Potters Ravine Drive and Oregon Gulch Road , west to Cherokee Road , and all roads in between , south to the Feather River . Evacuation warnings include : The intersection of Table Mountain Blvd. and Montgomery Street east to Oroville Dam Blvd. and from Oroville Dam Blvd. to Rusty Dusty Road , and all roads north to the Feather River Canyon Drive going east to Loafer Creek Road and from Olive Highway north to Lake Oroville Update 3 p.m. Authorities are expanding the evacuation warning area for the Potters Fire burning in Butte County . The sheriff 's office says the new evacuation warning area includes Canyon Drive going east to Loafer Creek Road , and from Olive Highway north to Lake Oroville . All previous evacuation areas remain in effect . The EVACUATION WARNING for the Potters Fire has been expanded to include CANYON DRIVE going east to LOAFER CREEK ROAD , and from OLIVE HIGHWAY north to LAKE OROVILLE . #pottersfire #ButteSheriff pic.twitter.com/WLZO8pRpMh -- Butte County Sheriff -LRB- @ButteSheriff -RRB- August 17 , 2020 Original : The Butte County Sheriff 's Office has issued an evacuation warning for the Potters Ravine Drive area due to a vegetation fire in the area . The Potters Ravine Fire is the largest fire in the Butte unit at 40 acres at this time . EVACUATION WARNING 8.17.20 12:40 p.m. #PottersRavineFire #ButteSheriff pic.twitter.com/wzM8Jkn9xB -- Butte County Sheriff -LRB- @ButteSheriff -RRB- August 17 , 2020 The warning , beginning at 12:40 p.m. on Monday , spans from Oregon Gulch Road toward Lake Oroville and from Oregon Gulch Road up to Oregon City Trail . People with disabilities , access , or other needs that might require additional time to evacuate are urged to leave now .", "url": "https://www.abc10.com/article/news/local/wildfire/butte-county-sheriff-issues-evacuation-warning-due-to-potters-ravine-fire/103-d35eab30-2a71-4eee-8118-972d3363add6", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06138519245962751, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg0bghf", "stitle": "Marijuana Vending Machines are Now In Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Vending machine be now in Colorado", "seg_content": "In the new era of social distancing , Colorado has just introduced the first-ever marijuana vending machines . The vending machine , called Anna , is making its debut at the Strawberry Fields dispensary in Pueblo , and will soon be arriving at a different dispensary , Starbuds in Aurora , Colorado . The machines will be located inside the dispensary , so customers will still have to go through the process of checking in , showing their ID , and waiting their turn to make their purchase . However , the machines will eliminate the need to talk to the budtender , if in fact , the customer knows exactly what they want . These new vending machines will dispense marijuana in what 's known as ` flower , ' which is basically the smokable marijuana bud , as well as edibles and vape oils . The founder of these machines , Matt Frost , was inspired by the long waits to purchase marijuana from dispensaries in his native Massachusetts . He had this to say about his new invention : There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand-holding and want that education from a live person . With COVID-19 and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . Frost is also planning on implementing his Anna vending machines in non-dispensary locations to dispense CBD products , which are legal to sell in places like convenience stores . -LSB- Canon City Daily Record -RSB-", "url": "https://kekbfm.com/marijuana-vending-machines-are-now-in-colorado/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2787988930613815, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg1FAMy", "stitle": "Study reveals how two sex chromosomes communicate during female embryo development", "seg_title_stem": "Study reveal how two sex chromosome communicate during female embryo development", "seg_content": "Researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital -LRB- MGH -RRB- have solved a mystery that has long puzzled scientists : How do the bodies of female humans and all other mammals decide which of the two X chromosomes it carries in each cell should be active and which one should be silent ? In a breakthrough study published in Nature Cell Biology , the MGH team discovered the role of a critical enzyme in the phenomenon known as X chromosome inactivation -LRB- XCI -RRB- , which is essential for normal female development and also sets the stage for genetic disorders known as X-linked diseases -LRB- such as Rett Syndrome -RRB- to occur . Scientists have known for over a half century that female mammals undergo XCI during embryo formation . Females have two copies of the X chromosome , and each carries many genes . Having genes expressed on both X chromosomes would be toxic to the cell , as would having both X chromosomes inactivated . To avoid these fates , females evolved with a mechanism that inactivates , or silences , one of the chromosomes . Over the years , investigators have made strides in understanding how XCI occurs . In 2006 , a team led by Jeannie Lee , MD , Ph.D. , of the Department of Molecular Biology at MGH reported that during embryo development the two X chromosomes briefly come together , or pair . She and her colleagues have since uncovered conclusive evidence that pairing is necessary for the body to decide which X chromosome to inactivate . `` But until now , no one knew what one X chromosome was saying to the other to make the decision , '' says Lee , who is senior author of the Nature Cell Biology paper . To find out , Lee and her colleagues had to develop sophisticated molecular tools that allow them to study key proteins involved in XCI , which were previously difficult to measure . It was already known that , prior to pairing , both X chromosomes are identical , or `` symmetrical , '' meaning that they express the same genes . Importantly , both express a form of noncoding RNA called Xist , which plays a vital role in inactivating the X chromosome . However , both X chromosomes also express another form of RNA , Tsix , which blocks Xist and prevents XCI . In the Nature Cell Biology paper , Lee and her team show that an enzyme called DCP1A randomly chooses one X chromosome to bind to , and in doing so it cuts off , or `` decaps , '' Tsix 's protective cover , making the RNA unstable . However , because DCP1A exists in tiny quantities , there is only enough to bind to one X chromosome . `` DCP1A flips the switch that starts the entire cascade of X chromosome inactivation , '' says Lee . As a result , a protein called CTCF -- the `` glue '' that holds X chromosomes together during pairing -- binds to the unstable Tsix RNA and causes it to shut down permanently . Xist is then able to complete the silencing of that X chromosome . `` DCP1A allows the two X chromosomes to have a fateful ` conversation ' , '' says Lee , noting that there are many other instances where the body must choose which copy of a gene to express in order to maintain a healthy state . `` This discovery , '' says Lee , `` will help scientists understand how other molecular conversations take place in the cell . '' Jeannie Lee , MD , Ph.D. , of the Department of Molecular Biology at MGH , is also director of the Lee Laboratory and a professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School . The lead author of the Nature Cell Biology Paper is Eric Aeby , Ph.D. , a research fellow in the Lee Laboratory . Explore further More information : Eric Aeby et al , Decapping enzyme 1A breaks X-chromosome symmetry by controlling Tsix elongation and RNA turnover , Nature Cell Biology -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . DOI : 10.1038 / s41556-020-0558-0", "url": "https://phys.org/news/2020-08-reveals-sex-chromosomes-female-embryo.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 1.0000072717666626, "Health": 0.9997970461845398}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9997970461845398}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.47601607881298347, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg1HQkI", "stitle": "Chrishell Stause and Her ` Selling Sunset ' Co-Stars Rock Bikinis on a Boat", "seg_title_stem": "Chrishell Stause and she ` sell Sunset ' Co-Stars Rock Bikinis on a Boat", "seg_content": "The ladies of Selling Sunset are making the most of summer weekends , enjoying some time out on the ocean over the weekend . Chrishell Stause took to social media on Sunday to share snaps of her and her co-stars posing on a boat sporting colorful bikinis . Raising their hands in the air , Stause , Heather Rae Young , Mary Fitzgerald and Amanza Smith all had huge smiles while in celebratory mode . `` Carpe Diem !! `` Stause , 39 , captioned the photo . `` Celebrating good news we ca n't tell you about . '' Naturally , fans could n't help wondering if the ladies were celebrating Selling Sunset being renewed for a fourth season . `` You guys got renewed for another season !!! '' wrote one Instagram user . Others commented that they hoped the women were celebrating Christine Quinn or Davina Potratz leaving the series . View this post on Instagram Carpe Diem !! Celebrating good news we ca n't tell you about #SellingSunset #Season3 #Netflix A post shared by Chrishell -LRB- @chrishell . stause -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 5:29 pm PDT A second post featured more swimsuit snaps and a selfie . `` There is a heat wave in LA. . Stay hydrated , '' Stause captioned the photos . `` More pics from yesterday ! The BEST time . We paid for it a little today Worth it ! '' She also mentioned being hungover on Sunday on her Instagram Stories . View this post on Instagram There is a heat wave in LA. . Stay hydrated More pics from yesterday ! The BEST time . We paid for it a little today Worth it ! #SellingSunset #Netflix #NowStreaming #GirlsDay #squad #WAP A post shared by Chrishell -LRB- @chrishell . stause -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 6:17 pm PDT Fitzgerald , meanwhile , shared a snap of the clan showing off their behinds , writing , `` Girls just want to have fun ! It 's literally impossible not to have fun with these ladies . Best day ever !!! '' View this post on Instagram Girls just want to have fun ! It 's literally impossible not to have fun with these ladies . Best day ever !!! #friends #laughter #livingmybestlife #sellingsunset #netflix #boatlife #newportbeach #newportcoast #girlsday #catchingrays #bikiniposing A post shared by Mary Fitzgerald -LRB- @themaryfitzgerald -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 10:40 am PDT On Monday , Stause appeared to have kicked her hangover and posted a flowery portrait , thanking fans for their support and positivity . View this post on Instagram Ok it 's Monday , but we 've GOT this !! You guys are always SO amazing and sweet in my comments - I wish I could reply to every one of you . You have no idea how much I appreciate it . But I want to help spread the love ! Try leaving a compliment for someone in my mentions . Yes a stranger ! You never know who might really need it . Xoxo !! : @simplybeautiful . photography #positivevibes #mondaymotivation A post shared by Chrishell -LRB- @chrishell . stause -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 11:41 am PDT The good vibes come after Stause 's divorce from This Is Us star Justin Hartley played out on the recently released third season of the series . Hartley filed for divorce in November , after two years of marriage , and was linked to co-star Sofia Pernas in May . See more on the split below . Justin Hartley 's Ex and Daughter Share Support Amid ` Selling Sunset '", "url": "https://www.etonline.com/chrishell-stause-and-her-selling-sunset-co-stars-rock-bikinis-on-a-boat-151463", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9984251260757446}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9984251260757446}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.13745189443818884, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg1IYlt", "stitle": "Bystander shot at Welcome to Las Vegas sign south of the Strip", "seg_title_stem": "Bystander shoot at welcome to Las Vegas sign south of the Strip", "seg_content": "LAS VEGAS -LRB- FOX5 -RRB- -- A bystander at the Welcome to Las Vegas sign was shot Sunday after two other groups got into an argument early Sunday morning . Las Vegas Metropolitan Police said the shooting happened early Aug. 16 at the Welcome to Las Vegas sign , south of the Las Vegas Strip . Police said two groups at the sign got into an argument that turned into a fight . LVMPD Officer Larry Hadfield said it was n't known how the argument started . One shot was fired during the argument and a bystander was hit by the shot , police said . Hadfield said all parties involved fled the scene . The bystander who was shot was taken to Sunrise Hospital with non life-threatening injuries .", "url": "https://www.fox5vegas.com/news/crime/bystander-shot-at-welcome-to-las-vegas-sign-south-of-the-strip/article_6d47320c-e0bd-11ea-9870-8f12f01653bc.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.999982476234436}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.999982476234436}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.26223801854799855, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg1XQAw", "stitle": "Columbus man facing seven sex crime charges", "seg_title_stem": "Columbus man face seven sex crime charge", "seg_content": "COLUMBUS , Ga. -LRB- WRBL -RRB- -- Columbus Police have a man in custody facing seven sex crime charges , including rape and aggravated child molestation . Bobby Valois , 33 , was taken into custody on Aug. 17 at 9:30 a.m. by officers in the Special Victims Unit -LRB- Sex Crimes -RRB- and faces the following charges : Three counts of Aggravated Child Molestation One count of Rape Three counts of Aggravated Sodomy Valois will be in Recorder 's Court for a preliminary hearing on Aug. 18 at 9 a.m. No further information is available at this time .", "url": "https://www.wrbl.com/news/local-news/columbus-man-facing-seven-sex-crime-charges/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9998763799667358}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9998763799667358}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3830623296915902, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg1oyS7", "stitle": "TE Jake Butt is Generating Buzz at Broncos Camp", "seg_title_stem": "TE Jake Butt be Generating Buzz at bronco Camp", "seg_content": "The Denver Broncos took a chance on Jake Butt back in 2017 , drafting the tight end only a couple of months after he tore his ACL in Michigan 's bowl game . Denver got great value in theory -- drafting an early day-two-caliber prospect in the fifth round -- but that value only becomes part of the equation if he succeeds on the field . Three years into his NFL career , the Broncos are yet to get even a modicum of a return on that fifth-round investment . However , that could change in the relative blink of an eye if Butt can finally , just finally , stay healthy . Initial signs point in that direction . Butt has n't played meaningful football since Week 3 of the 2018 season but all that time away to rehab and recover could be paying dividends for him -- if the first three days of training camp are any indication . Butt has generated some buzz in the early stages of Broncos camp . Knowing that he 's one of the lower guys on the tight end totem pole , Butt is making the most of each and every rep and opportunity to touch the ball . He 's yet to let a pass hit the ground in 11-on-11 and it 's safe to say , every guy in that locker room is pulling for Butt and keeping their fingers crossed that he can stave off the injury bug this time . `` There 's nobody in our locker room that does n't want to see Jake Butt succeed , '' quarterback Drew Lock said following Monday 's practice . '' -LSB- He 's -RSB- one of the best teammates that we have in this locker room . For him to push and grind through all of the injuries he 's had -- for him to come out -- he reported early with us . Right from the get-go I could tell -- he 's not 100 % back to normal . Obviously , you can never get back to normal after a knee but he 's as close as you can possibly get after having those surgeries . '' What 's the latest from Broncos Camp ? Do n't miss out on any news and analysis ! Take a second and sign up for our free newsletter and get breaking Broncos news delivered to your inbox daily ! Butt is turning heads at UC Health Training Center . As I 've said before , and often on the Huddle Up Podcast , there 's a reason why the Broncos have been so patient and long-suffering with him . Butt has the talent to be a top-tier tight end in this league . When he was drafted , after red-shirting his rookie season , the team 's plan was to groom him behind Jeff Heuerman to be the long-term No. 1 tight end . When he got injured three weeks into his second year , the team brass had to face facts and start making contingencies . Noah Fant was drafted in the first round the following spring and the Broncos took Albert Okwuegbunam in the fourth just a few months ago . However , Butt 's initial performance at camp is another good example that if/when he 's on the field , it 's only a short matter of time before his talent demands expanded opportunity and the attention of the coaches . He 's simply a gifted player who 's had a really bad string of luck . `` The guy 's really playing some good ball , '' Lock said . `` Super smart . A little more athletic than I think people give him credit for . '' The Broncos are holding out hope that Butt can stay healthy this time around and turn a corner in what is his contract year . If so , fielding a young trio of Fant , Butt , and Okwuegbunam -- I 'm not sure there 's another NFL team with that much young talent at tight end . So far , so good . Butt is feeling good , which means he 's playing well , too . `` Moving around , running around , I 've been feeling really , really good , honestly , '' Butt told the team website on Saturday . `` All my weight room numbers are up . This is the strongest I 've ever been . That 's for both of my legs . I feel fast and explosive . I get it . I understand that I 'm going to have to earn anything I can get around here , and I 'm OK with that . But for me , the main thing I 'm excited about is I feel healthy , and I feel like I can go out there and be myself . '' Again , if the injury bug permits Butt to be himself out there on the grass , his talent will will force the coaching staff to find a role for him . It might sound like wishful thinking at this stage but it would n't surprise me to see a tight end depth chart that looks like this when the regular season opens : 1 . Fant 2 . Butt 3 . Vannett 4 . Okwuegbunam Such an eventuality would necessitate the carrying of four tight ends but if it meant getting a fully healthy Butt on the active roster , that 's a small sacrifice this team 's brass will make all day long and twice on Sunday . There 's a reason the Broncos have n't parted ways with Butt long ago . Follow Chad on Twitter @ChadNJensen and @MileHighHudde .", "url": "https://www.si.com/nfl/broncos/news/drew-lock-provides-encouraging-update-on-broncos-te-jake-butt", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.39786112238578947, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bondage': 1, 'group sex': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg1tplB", "stitle": "Canadian County Sheriff 's Office arrests 35-year-old trucker on child sex charge", "seg_title_stem": "Canadian County Sheriff 's Office arrest 35-year-old trucker on child sex charge", "seg_content": "CANADIAN COUNTY , Okla. -LRB- KFOR -RRB- -- Investigators with the Canadian County Sheriff 's Office arrested a 35-year-old truck driver for attempting to pick up a 14-year-old female at a truck stop in Canadian County . The investigation began in May , 2020 when James Visotski from Stuart , Oklahoma , reached out on social media to an undercover deputy , believing she was a 14-year-old female living in Canadian County . Officials say Visotski developed dialogue with the under-aged girl and made plans to travel to Canadian County to take the girl on a three month cross country road trip . During the investigation , Visotski had conversations with the under-aged child which became extremely lewd and sexual in nature . Visotski messaged the child about having sex with her , and asked about her parents ' ability to monitor her texts . As the conversation continued , Visotski described in detail the various sexual acts he was going to perform , including tying the child up with rope in order to live out his sexual bondage fantasy . Visotski described having group sex with the child , and asked the minor on how many people she thought she could have sex with all at one time . Visotski was very specific in describing the various sexual fantasies he wanted to live out with the minor child . As the conversations continued , Visotski even instructed the girl to delete all their conversations so that he would n't get caught . During the investigation , Visotski asked about meeting the decoy . Visotski explained he would like to take her on a cross country trip in his tractor trailer rig . He told the decoy she would need to pack bags with enough clothes for the long trip , which could take up to three months . Visotski planned the meeting , and told the child to meet him at the Flying J truck stop in Canadian County on August 15 where he would pick her up . When Visotski arrived at the Flying J , investigators with the Sheriff 's Office met and arrested him . Visotski was interviewed and readily admitted that he planned to pick up and take the 14-year-old girl with him for the purpose of having sex with her . `` I 'm very happy we were able to make this arrest . Obviously , we 're concerned Visotski may have already abducted a child that remains missing to this day . It 's a horrifying thought , but I believe it 's a real possibility , '' said Chris West , Canadian County Sheriff . Visotski was transported to El Reno , and booked into the Canadian County Jail on the charge of Lewd Acts with a Child . He remains in custody and his bond was set at $ 25,000 .", "url": "https://kfor.com/news/canadian-county-sheriffs-office-arrests-35-year-old-trucker-on-child-sex-charge/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9732305407524109}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9732305407524109}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.33312035786738703, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg2GXOD", "stitle": "R. Kelly Facing MORE Legal Trouble , Sex Abuse Survivor Seeking Default Judgement In STD Lawsuit", "seg_title_stem": "R. Kelly Facing more legal trouble , sex abuse Survivor seek Default Judgement in STD lawsuit", "seg_content": "R. Kelly Facing MORE Legal Trouble , Sex Abuse Survivor Is Demanding Money In STD Lawsuit Another day , another layer in the case of Robert Kelly . Reported on All Hip Hop , a R. Kelly sexual assault survivor , Faith Rodgers , is seeking a default judgment against R. Kelly for failing to properly respond to her civil suit . Back in 2018 , Faith sued the singer for an alleged sexual battery , false imprisonment , and failure to disclose that he had a sexually transmitted disease . She also claims R. Kelly abused her physically , sexually , and mentally as well as filmed her performing compromising sex acts against her will . R. Kelly 's lawyer made filings in connection to this case but Faith 's lawyers said the documents did n't include `` any denials of the truth of the allegations or offer any affirmative defense . '' The deadline to submit the paperwork passed in December . As a result , Faith 's lawyer is requesting the judge handling the lawsuit in the Manhattan Supreme Court to enter a default judgment against Kelly . Also , Faith 's lawyer is requesting a trial to determine damages for his client since Faith 's testimony was used to help NYC prosecutors bring racketeering and sex trafficking charges against the `` Bump N ' Grind '' singer . R. Kelly 's lawyer is reportedly planning on challenging the motion for a default judgment . He 's been in a Chicago jail for over a year awaiting trial . R. Kelly is facing multiple charges in various cities . He faces federal charges related to the sexual abuse of minors in two separate cases in Chicago and Brooklyn . The charges vary from child pornography , sexual assault , abuse of a minor , racketeering , and obstruction of justice . His next trial date is Sept. 14 . R. Kelly pleaded not guilty to all charges .", "url": "https://www.hot97.com/hip-hop-news/hot97-now/r-kelly-facing-more-legal-trouble-sex-abuse-survivor-seeking-default-judgement-in-std-lawsuit/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.908427357673645}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.908427357673645}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011133720748123738, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg2R5c3", "stitle": "The decision to legalize recreational marijuana in NJ is yours", "seg_title_stem": "the decision to legalize recreational marijuana in NJ be yours", "seg_content": "More than 15,000 medical marijuana patients are registered with Harmony Dispensary in Secaucus . CEO Shaya Brodchandel says the program doubles almost every year and business might get a whole lot bigger . `` I think it 's not a question of if , but when , '' Brodchandel said . `` It 's a huge economic impact . '' On the general election ballot in November , voters will be asked if they want to legalize recreational marijuana in New Jersey . A Monmouth University poll from April shows 61 % of residents are in favor , but advocates on both sides say it 's not a done deal . `` It 's really promising , but there 's a lot of work to do . Educating people that there is a ballot question is important , '' said Bill Caruso with NJ United for Marijuana Reform . `` If I and others thought it was a lost cause , we would n't have formed the organization to fight the question on the ballot , '' Gregg Edwards from Do n't Let New Jersey Go to Pot said . Supporters say legalization is an opportunity for the state to generate new revenue , especially at a time when the state is cash-strapped due to the pandemic . Caruso meets daily with people in New Jersey and around the country who want to jump into the marijuana industry . `` It could be a client that has an interest in a , what they call a vertically-integrated operation -- the grow , the processing and the retail all in one , '' he said . `` Some are just interested in the retail side . Some are interested in converting a bakery or a candy store . '' Opponents say legalization will harm teens because even though it will only be available to people 21 and older , there will be more access , similar to underage drinking . `` People who use it chronically , and the potential effect it could have on mental health issues , '' said Edwards . `` The fact of the matter is many people are purchasing marijuana illegally . There 's no reason to continue that or incentivize that , '' Brodchandel said . `` It has dangerous chemicals . '' For Sen. Ron Rice , who is a vocal opponent , it 's a matter of social justice . His main issue is that it wo n't right the wrong of disproportionately locking up African American residents for low-level pot offenses . He also thinks they also wo n't be the ones benefiting from a new recreational market . Edwards agrees . `` The Legislature could pass a bill to decriminalize it . They could pass it today and the governor said he would sign it . Why have n't they ? Because we 're afraid that might cause people not to vote for recreational use , '' he said . `` They know that it would solve the real problem . '' According to Caruso , decriminalization will still allow for stops and arrests . `` Decriminalization does n't do that , by the way . It continues the ability to allow for stops and arrests , '' he said . `` They are going to be micro-license opportunities available that will be scaled more toward the small operators that , frankly , will have more of ability to attract a minority investor into that type of effort . '' So what happens next ? If the ballot measure passes , the Legislature will have to figure out details like tax rates and where to allocate the generated money . `` The discussion about where that money is reinvested in communities that have been most harmed by the war on cannabis , that 's a great discussion to be involved in right now , '' Caruso said . Brodchandel anticipates demand to be 10 times what he currently sees if plans move forward . `` Producing medicine , clean medicine , is really the key . Consistent clean medicine . So using that foundation of knowledge and experience is the best way to transition , '' he said . Brodchandel 's priority though is the medical patients of the state . Only excess products will go to the recreational side , should they be allowed to serve the entire market .", "url": "https://www.njtvonline.org/news/video/the-decision-to-legalize-recreational-marijuana-in-nj-is-yours/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.6365944147109985}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.6365944147109985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.21708217415317657, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sexual fantasy': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg2tLii", "stitle": "Man admits to trying to pick up 14-year-old girl at truck stop in Canadian County for sex", "seg_title_stem": "man admit to try to pick up 14-year-old girl at truck stop in Canadian County for sex", "seg_content": "CANADIAN COUNTY , Okla. -- Deputies arrested a 35-year-old truck driver after authorities said he tried to pick up a 14-year-old girl at a truck stop in Canadian County to have sex with her . According to a news release , the Canadian County Sheriff 's Office started its investigation in May when the man -- identified as James Visotski , from Stuart , Oklahoma -- reached out on social media to a person he thought was a 14-year-old girl living in Canadian County . The girl was an undercover deputy . Officials said Visotski developed a dialogue with the girl , and then made and carried out plans to travel to Canadian County to pick up the underage girl . The news release states his intentions were to take the girl on a three-month , cross-country road trip , during which he could have sex with the underage girl across the U.S. Through the course of the investigation , Visotski 's conversations with the underage girl became lewd and sexual in nature , according to the news release . He messaged the girl about having sex with her and asked about her parents ' ability to monitor her texts . Visotski also described a sexual fantasy and sexual acts he was going to perform with the 14-year-old girl , the news release states . Sheriff 's office officials said Visotski told the girl to delete all their conversations so he would n't get caught . While discussing the idea of a cross-country road trip , authorities said Visotski told the girl to pack bags with enough clothes for the long trip and told her to meet him Aug. 15 at the Flying J truck stop in Canadian County , where he would pick her up . When he arrived , sheriff 's office investigators met Visotski and arrested him . Visotski reportedly readily admitted that he planned to pick up and take the 14-year-old girl with him to have sex with her . Investigators also seized his cellular devices for evidence . `` I 'm very happy we were able to make this arrest , '' Canadian County Sheriff Chris West said . `` Obviously , we 're concerned Visotski may have already abducted a child that remains missing to this day . It 's a horrifying thought , but I believe it 's a real possibility . '' Visotski was booked into the Canadian County Jail on complaints of lewd acts with a child .", "url": "https://www.koco.com/article/man-admits-to-trying-to-pick-up-14-year-old-girl-at-truck-stop-in-canadian-county-for-sex/33626560", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000076293945312}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000076293945312}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03495574617263349, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg34gLG", "stitle": "One performer , one listener : SF Symphony strips music to the bare bones", "seg_title_stem": "one performer , one listener : SF Symphony strip music to the bare bone", "seg_content": "-LRB- San Francisco Symphony -RRB- SF Symphony Assistant Principal Cello Amos Yang shared with @SFChronicleDatebook about performing 1:1 Concerts : `` There 's a vulnerability about the format that I love ... -LSB- I -RSB- f I lose just one audience member , that 's 100 % of the audience . So you really have to maintain your concentration . That 's what makes it fun -- it 's as if someone is listening to every word you 're saying . '' sfsymphony.org/onetoone Please click here for more details .", "url": "https://mp.newsbreakapp.com/post/10582545?sig=EF535CEAE5FF0B664D24C08DA29D9728", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.911363422870636}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.911363422870636}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.911363422870636}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.019080248990349304, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg35TmU", "stitle": "Two dozen registered sex offenders arrested for improper online activity in Highlands County", "seg_title_stem": "two dozen register sex offender arrest for improper online activity in Highlands County", "seg_content": "SEBRING , FLa. - More than two dozen registered sex offenders in Highlands County were arrested for using online accounts , according to the sheriff 's office Special Victims Unit . The Highlands County Sheriff 's Office launched Operation Disconnect only one week ago and already caught 26 registered sex offenders who were either banned from having internet access at all or who failed to report their internet usage to the sheriff 's office , as part of their probation . Each failure to report is a felony offense . The investigation also revealed several subjects with active warrants in Special Victims Unit cases . The Highlands County Sheriff 's Office said Operation Disconnect is ongoing and `` any sexual offenders or predators who think they may have some things on their registrations they need to clear up should come see us before we come find you . '' Sex offenders are required to report , in person , to the sheriff 's office in the county where they live to register and must update their home or temporary address , phone number -LRB- s -RRB- , email address -LRB- es -RRB- , online identifiers or aliases , employment , vehicle , school , and travel , as well as scars , marks and tattoos . Anyone with information about a sexual predator or predatory behavior is asked to contact the Highlands County Sheriff 's Office at detectives@highlandssheriff.org or 863-402-7357 . OUtside of Highlands County , tips may be submitted to Crime Stoppers .", "url": "https://www.fox13news.com/news/two-dozen-registered-sex-offenders-arrested-for-improper-online-activity-in-highlands-county", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16874229789231635, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg37tSq", "stitle": "Play It Forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_title_stem": "play it forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_content": "Audio will be available later today . In this week 's Play It Forward , where artists tell us about their music and the musicians who inspire them , we hear from the British spoken word poet and musician Kae Tempest . In last week 's segment , Indigo Girls ' Amy Ray and Emily Saliers talked about Tempest 's ability to capture small human moments in large meditations about life and the resonant way they think about love . Ray called them `` a true poet , '' like one of the literary greats . `` You can read something that -LSB- they -RSB- wrote before what 's going on right now and it applies to what 's going on right now . It 's like , are you a -LSB- prophet -RSB- ? '' Ray wondered . `` I find that I have catharsis when I listen to -LSB- them -RSB- and read -LSB- their -RSB- words . I hear hope in them : The willingness for -LSB- them -RSB- to be so vulnerable makes me hopeful and the willingness for -LSB- them -RSB- to love humanity through the darkness makes me hopeful . '' Tempest is humbled by the praise . `` I feel like they said some extremely beautiful things and I feel honored that people are paying such close attention to my work , '' they say . `` I felt like what they were saying about the hope and the vulnerability -- the willingness to feel vulnerable being a sign of hope -- it 's just a beautiful , perceptive thing to notice . What I can say ? I feel lucky . '' NPR 's Ari Shapiro spoke to Kae Tempest about reigning in the desire to despair , the art of paying attention and the uplifting power of Lianne La Havas ' voice . Listen in the audio player above , and read on for highlights of the interview . Editor 's Note : NPR recorded these interviews when the artist went by the name `` Kate Tempest '' and used she/her pronouns . Since then , they 've put out a statement saying they will use the name `` Kae '' and them/they pronouns . NPR has been given permission to air the interview as it was recorded . Interview Highlights On loving humanity through the darkness I think it 's hard work : It 's a process and it 's a practice . It demands a willingness to defeat the parts of you that want to go first to despair or want to go first to hurt or distrust , to actually try and override that . It 's a mark of my privilege that I 'm in a position that I can do that so it 's definitely important that I acknowledge that , but at the same time , it 's something that I live by . That 's why so much of my work is about it , because so much of my life is about trying to find that balance . On practicing empathy for other people It 's about looking again . It 's basically allowing yourself -- or in fact , demanding -- that you notice and feel and tune into the idea that every single person is existing at as ferocious a frequency as you are . Empathy is about hearing other people 's stories before telling your own and just having an awareness of that at all times . For me personally , the practice is to look again . It 's about a reanimation of a kind of a veiled existence . It 's about trying to reanimate , take the veil back , look again ; it 's about noticing , particular attention . And as soon as I pay attention to anything ... it suddenly becomes something that 's extremely beautiful and it 's full of life and has a lot to teach me . On being described as a `` prophetess '' by Amy Ray For writers , we pay extreme attention -- this is what I 'm saying about this decision to pay particular attention . And when you do that , what you access is the present but what it looks like and reads like is prescience . It looks like you 're talking about the future , but actually you 're just paying attention to the present , and it happens all the time when you read novels or you listen to lyrics by people that are afflicted with the burden of being somebody who notices in such sharp frequencies what 's going on . Then you explain it and you get it out of you and it seems like you 're talking about future but you 're not ; you 're just describing the moment . On the melodic brilliance of Lianne La Havas There is something that happens when I hear her sing , which is so uplifting . I feel like the way that she selects melody and the way that she embodies those melodies -- her guitar playing , the placement of the breath in the lines that she sings -- I just find it extremely uplifting and healing . She 's one of these people that have put all this effort into making it appear effortless so that we can just be met with this wash of pure melodic brilliance . I just want to celebrate her because I 've got so much out of her melodies . I was lucky enough to be at the Albert Hall when she did a gig in London . And she did a cover version just with the guitar singing Aretha Franklin 's `` Say A Little Prayer . '' I mean , that 's a challenging song to cover , right ? But it was such a beautiful moment . I just hear somebody enjoying the beauty of music ; like what a beautiful gift it is to have music and to play music and give music to others . I 'd like to say thank you for making me feel less alone in the world and for putting your heart into everything you sing , and I 'd like to say thanks for all your music .", "url": "https://www.npr.org/2020/08/17/903263225/play-it-forward-kae-tempest-watches-the-world-vibrate?utm_campaign=nprmusic&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_term=music&utm_medium=social", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9999231100082397}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9999231100082397}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.9999231100082397}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08556053971538183, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg3CYPl", "stitle": "Cannabis Stock Gainers And Losers From August 17 , 2020", "seg_title_stem": "Cannabis Stock Gainers and Losers from August 17 , 2020", "seg_content": "Gainers : iAnthus Capital Hldgs -LRB- PINK : ITHUF -RRB- shares closed up 52.46 % at $ 0.09 Nova Mentis Life Science -LRB- PINK : LIBFF -RRB- shares closed up 28.18 % at $ 0.16 GrowGeneration -LRB- NASDAQ : GRWG -RRB- shares closed up 22.05 % at $ 16.16 Helix TCS -LRB- OTCQB : HLIX -RRB- shares closed up 18.59 % at $ 0.19 48North Cannabis -LRB- PINK : NCNNF -RRB- shares closed up 18.33 % at $ 0.14 Genetic Technologies -LRB- NASDAQ : GENE -RRB- shares closed up 10 % at $ 4.29 C21 Investments -LRB- OTCQB : CXXIF -RRB- shares closed up 9.22 % at $ 0.45 TerrAscend -LRB- OTCQX : TRSSF -RRB- shares closed up 7.11 % at $ 4.21 NexTech AR Solns -LRB- OTCQB : NEXCF -RRB- shares closed up 6.49 % at $ 4.78 Alcanna -LRB- PINK : LQSIF -RRB- shares closed up 6.86 % at $ 3.35 Cresco Labs -LRB- OTCQX : CRLBF -RRB- shares closed up 6.21 % at $ 7.70 Curaleaf Holdings -LRB- OTCQX : CURLF -RRB- shares closed up 4.58 % at $ 9.43 Arena Pharmaceuticals -LRB- NASDAQ : ARNA -RRB- shares closed up 3.93 % at $ 66.09 GW Pharmaceuticals -LRB- NASDAQ : GWPH -RRB- shares closed up 3.23 % at $ 109.87 Teradyne -LRB- NASDAQ : TER -RRB- shares closed up 2.13 % at $ 91.98 Losers : Benchmark Botanics -LRB- PINK : BHHKF -RRB- shares closed down 16.48 % at $ 0.13 MGC Pharmaceuticals -LRB- PINK : MGCLF -RRB- shares closed down 14 % at $ 0.01 Village Farms Intl -LRB- NASDAQ : VFF -RRB- shares closed down 10.14 % at $ 5.14 Halo Labs -LRB- OTCQX : AGEEF -RRB- shares closed down 9.79 % at $ 0.09 Intec Pharma -LRB- NASDAQ : NTEC -RRB- shares closed down 9.35 % at $ 0.34 Lexaria Bioscience -LRB- OTCQX : LXRP -RRB- shares closed down 7.73 % at $ 0.34 MariMed -LRB- OTCQX : MRMD -RRB- shares closed down 7.94 % at $ 0.18 Lexaria Bioscience -LRB- OTCQX : LXRP -RRB- shares closed down 7.73 % at $ 0.34 BioHarvest Sciences -LRB- OTC : CNVCF -RRB- shares closed down 6.21 % at $ 0.11 InMed Pharmaceuticals -LRB- OTCQX : IMLFF -RRB- shares closed down 5.92 % at $ 5.00 Aurora Cannabis -LRB- NYSE : ACB -RRB- shares closed down 5.43 % at $ 10.11 Harvest Health -LRB- OTCQX : HRVSF -RRB- shares closed down 4.35 % at $ 1.32", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17127899/cannabis-stock-gainers-and-losers-from-august-17-2020", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.023687957329022555, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg3GOgt", "stitle": "Sex , murder and video : Judge rejects playing jail cell video of Golden State Killer", "seg_title_stem": "sex , murder and video : Judge reject play jail cell video of Golden State killer", "seg_content": "A judge in Sacramento refused Monday to allow prosecutors to play jailhouse recordings during the sentencing of Golden State Killer/East Area Rapist Joseph James DeAngelo that portrays him moving about his cell athletically in stark contrast to the feeble , wheelchair-bound appearance he has presented in court for two years . Sacramento Superior Court Judge Michael Bowman , who is to sentence DeAngelo Friday to life in prison following a weeklong court hearing , said he did not see the relevance of allowing a DVD of videos to be played because DeAngelo has never used his supposed frailty as an excuse for his crimes . `` Mr. DeAngelo has never put his physical infirmity as an issue , he 's never had counsel approach the court for leniency because of it , '' the judge said . Victims and family members of DeAngelo 's victims have scoffed at the notion that DeAngelo , 74 , can barely speak or move on his own , and law enforcement sources have said repeatedly that his supposed feebleness is an act -- he is physically fit and has been seen in his cell performing calisthenics and moving about freely , they said . Prosecutor Thienvu Ho , appearing in a Zoom court hearing Monday morning during which DeAngelo appeared inside a courtroom in a wheelchair with two public defenders , argued that the video should be played to assure that DeAngelo can not later seek compassionate release because of his frailty . DeAngelo pleaded guilty in June to 13 murders and a host of rapes and other crimes , and is to be sentenced following three days of victim impact statements from family members and rape victims . Those statements begin Tuesday morning . Ho said the video recordings were made June 1 , June 17-18 , June 29 and July 18 and show `` he is not physically or mentally deficient '' and reveal him `` being very flexible and strong , contrary to the image he has portrayed in court . '' He also noted that about a year ago DeAngelo was recorded `` committing a sexual act while watching someone outside of his cell . '' DeAngelo 's public defenders argued that if the tape were to be played they would seek a continuance to gather all recordings of DeAngelo in the Sacramento County Main Jail for review before sentencing can proceed . But Bowman said he would allow the DVD to remain in the court file but not have it played in Friday 's sentencing hearing , which is scheduled to be held in a ballroom at Sacramento State University . Jennifer Carole , the daughter of Lyman Smith , who was killed along with his wife , Charlene , in Ventura County in March 1980 , said she agreed with the judge 's decision because she wants the focus of the court proceedings to remain on DeAngelo 's crimes and the impact on victims . `` We need to focus on the crimes , not on all these theatrics , '' she said . `` Every time we go to this place specifically , it does n't hurt him at all , but it causes all of us pain . `` It 's the wrong thing to focus on . You want to focus on the victims , but also the crime is inherently awful . We do n't need anything extra . '' DeAngelo , a former Auburn police officer , was arrested outside his Citrus Heights home in April 2018 after DNA evidence led authorities to the man they had been seeking since his crime spree began in the 1970s . DeAngelo is due back in court Tuesday for the first of three days of victim impact statements . Rape victims from his crime spree as Sacramento 's East Area Rapist are expected to address him in chronological order of the attacks , followed by a Wednesday court session for rape victims from Yolo , San Joaquin and Contra Costa counties . Thursday 's hearing will be devoted to family members of DeAngelo 's 13 murder victims from Tulare , Sacramento , Santa Barbara , Ventura , and Orange County . Those sessions will be held in Department 1 inside the closed Sacramento Superior Courthouse . That is the largest available courtroom , and court officials held a lottery to allow limited access to members of the public while still allowing for enough space to accommodate victims and a handful of media . The court session then returns to Sacramento State -- where he entered his guilty pleas in June -- for his formal sentencing on Friday . The hearings will be livestreamed : https://bit.ly/sac-courts-dept-24", "url": "https://www.mercurynews.com/2020/08/17/sex-murder-and-video-judge-rejects-playing-jail-cell-video-of-golden-state-killer/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15608892528827814, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg3iwtt", "stitle": "Play It Forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_title_stem": "play it forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_content": "In this week 's Play It Forward , where artists tell us about their music and the musicians who inspire them , we hear from the British spoken word poet and musician Kae Tempest . In last week 's segment , Indigo Girls ' Amy Ray and Emily Saliers talked about Tempest 's ability to capture small human moments in large meditations about life and the resonant way they think about love . Ray called them `` a true poet , '' like one of the literary greats . `` You can read something that -LSB- they -RSB- wrote before what 's going on right now and it applies to what 's going on right now . It 's like , are you a -LSB- prophet -RSB- ? '' Ray wondered . `` I find that I have catharsis when I listen to -LSB- them -RSB- and read -LSB- their -RSB- words . I hear hope in them : The willingness for -LSB- them -RSB- to be so vulnerable makes me hopeful and the willingness for -LSB- them -RSB- to love humanity through the darkness makes me hopeful . '' Tempest is humbled by the praise . `` I feel like they said some extremely beautiful things and I feel honored that people are paying such close attention to my work , '' they say . `` I felt like what they were saying about the hope and the vulnerability -- the willingness to feel vulnerable being a sign of hope -- it 's just a beautiful , perceptive thing to notice . What I can say ? I feel lucky . '' NPR 's Ari Shapiro spoke to Kae Tempest about reigning in the desire to despair , the art of paying attention and the uplifting power of Lianne La Havas ' voice . Listen in the audio player above , and read on for highlights of the interview . Editor 's Note : NPR recorded these interviews when the artist went by the name `` Kate Tempest '' and used she/her pronouns . Since then , they 've put out a statement saying they will use the name `` Kae '' and them/they pronouns . NPR has been given permission to air the interview as it was recorded . Interview Highlights On loving humanity through the darkness I think it 's hard work : It 's a process and it 's a practice . It demands a willingness to defeat the parts of you that want to go first to despair or want to go first to hurt or distrust , to actually try and override that . It 's a mark of my privilege that I 'm in a position that I can do that so it 's definitely important that I acknowledge that , but at the same time , it 's something that I live by . That 's why so much of my work is about it , because so much of my life is about trying to find that balance . On practicing empathy for other people It 's about looking again . It 's basically allowing yourself -- or in fact , demanding -- that you notice and feel and tune into the idea that every single person is existing at as ferocious a frequency as you are . Empathy is about hearing other people 's stories before telling your own and just having an awareness of that at all times . For me personally , the practice is to look again . It 's about a reanimation of a kind of a veiled existence . It 's about trying to reanimate , take the veil back , look again ; it 's about noticing , particular attention . And as soon as I pay attention to anything ... it suddenly becomes something that 's extremely beautiful and it 's full of life and has a lot to teach me . On being described as a `` prophetess '' by Amy Ray For writers , we pay extreme attention -- this is what I 'm saying about this decision to pay particular attention . And when you do that , what you access is the present but what it looks like and reads like is prescience . It looks like you 're talking about the future , but actually you 're just paying attention to the present , and it happens all the time when you read novels or you listen to lyrics by people that are afflicted with the burden of being somebody who notices in such sharp frequencies what 's going on . Then you explain it and you get it out of you and it seems like you 're talking about future but you 're not ; you 're just describing the moment . On the melodic brilliance of Lianne La Havas There is something that happens when I hear her sing , which is so uplifting . I feel like the way that she selects melody and the way that she embodies those melodies -- her guitar playing , the placement of the breath in the lines that she sings -- I just find it extremely uplifting and healing . She 's one of these people that have put all this effort into making it appear effortless so that we can just be met with this wash of pure melodic brilliance . I just want to celebrate her because I 've got so much out of her melodies . I was lucky enough to be at the Albert Hall when she did a gig in London . And she did a cover version just with the guitar singing Aretha Franklin 's `` Say A Little Prayer . '' I mean , that 's a challenging song to cover , right ? But it was such a beautiful moment . I just hear somebody enjoying the beauty of music ; like what a beautiful gift it is to have music and to play music and give music to others . I 'd like to say thank you for making me feel less alone in the world and for putting your heart into everything you sing , and I 'd like to say thanks for all your music .", "url": "https://news.wjct.org/post/play-it-forward-kae-tempest-watches-world-vibrate", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.999942421913147}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.999942421913147}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.999942421913147}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008310904886439829, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg3q7YP", "stitle": "DA : We are investigating reports of adults seeking sex with minors", "seg_title_stem": "DA : we be investigate report of adult seek sex with minor", "seg_content": "Luzerne County District Attorney Stefanie Salavantis said Monday her office is investigating multiple reports of adults seeking sex with minors . One of the alleged incidents under investigation involves a former police officer for a county municipality , she said in a statement . Salavantis did not name the former officer involved , though she noted the incident was reported over the weekend . The statement reads , in full : `` The District Attorney 's Office has received reports of multiple incidents involving individuals appearing on video to meet minors for the purpose of having illicit sexual contact . One of those incidents , which is alleged to have occurred over the weekend , is reported to involve a former police officer from a Luzerne County municipality . Our office has been investigating these reports and is currently working with the multiple jurisdictions where the incidents are reported to have occurred including Plains Township and Kingston Borough who first contacted us to initiate these investigations . We will release further details to the extent they can be made publicly available while ensuring the integrity of the cases . Our office and the law enforcement departments with whom we work prioritize internet crimes against children among the most serious and severe cases our county confronts . With modern advances in technology , it daily becomes more difficult to guard against child predation on the internet . It is our goal that the prosecution , conviction and penalty associated with these cases acts as a deterrent to would-be predators , and we will continue to put all available resources into making our streets safer for all of Luzerne County . ''", "url": "https://www.citizensvoice.com/news/crime-emergencies/da-we-are-investigating-reports-of-adults-seeking-sex-with-minors/article_6e348d71-030f-52d5-9fc6-0900b9a150a2.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9994687438011169}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9994687438011169}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.023687957329022555, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg3urUO", "stitle": "Sex , murder and video : Judge rejects playing jail cell video of Golden State Killer", "seg_title_stem": "sex , murder and video : Judge reject play jail cell video of Golden State killer", "seg_content": "A judge in Sacramento refused Monday to allow prosecutors to play jailhouse recordings during the sentencing of Golden State Killer/East Area Rapist Joseph James DeAngelo that portrays him moving about his cell athletically in stark contrast to the feeble , wheelchair-bound appearance he has presented in court for two years . Sacramento Superior Court Judge Michael Bowman , who is to sentence DeAngelo Friday to life in prison following a weeklong court hearing , said he did not see the relevance of allowing a DVD of videos to be played because DeAngelo has never used his supposed frailty as an excuse for his crimes . `` Mr. DeAngelo has never put his physical infirmity as an issue , he 's never had counsel approach the court for leniency because of it , '' the judge said . Victims and family members of DeAngelo 's victims have scoffed at the notion that DeAngelo , 74 , can barely speak or move on his own , and law enforcement sources have said repeatedly that his supposed feebleness is an act -- he is physically fit and has been seen in his cell performing calisthenics and moving about freely , they said . Prosecutor Thienvu Ho , appearing in a Zoom court hearing Monday morning during which DeAngelo appeared inside a courtroom in a wheelchair with two public defenders , argued that the video should be played to assure that DeAngelo can not later seek compassionate release because of his frailty . DeAngelo pleaded guilty in June to 13 murders and a host of rapes and other crimes , and is to be sentenced following three days of victim impact statements from family members and rape victims . Those statements begin Tuesday morning . Ho said the video recordings were made June 1 , June 17-18 , June 29 and July 18 and show `` he is not physically or mentally deficient '' and reveal him `` being very flexible and strong , contrary to the image he has portrayed in court . '' He also noted that about a year ago DeAngelo was recorded `` committing a sexual act while watching someone outside of his cell . '' DeAngelo 's public defenders argued that if the tape were to be played they would seek a continuance to gather all recordings of DeAngelo in the Sacramento County Main Jail for review before sentencing can proceed . But Bowman said he would allow the DVD to remain in the court file but not have it played in Friday 's sentencing hearing , which is scheduled to be held in a ballroom at Sacramento State University . Jennifer Carole , the daughter of Lyman Smith , who was killed along with his wife , Charlene , in Ventura County in March 1980 , said she agreed with the judge 's decision because she wants the focus of the court proceedings to remain on DeAngelo 's crimes and the impact on victims . `` We need to focus on the crimes , not on all these theatrics , '' she said . `` Every time we go to this place specifically , it does n't hurt him at all , but it causes all of us pain . `` It 's the wrong thing to focus on . You want to focus on the victims , but also the crime is inherently awful . We do n't need anything extra . '' DeAngelo , a former Auburn police officer , was arrested outside his Citrus Heights home in April 2018 after DNA evidence led authorities to the man they had been seeking since his crime spree began in the 1970s . DeAngelo is due back in court Tuesday for the first of three days of victim impact statements . Rape victims from his crime spree as Sacramento 's East Area Rapist are expected to address him in chronological order of the attacks , followed by a Wednesday court session for rape victims from Yolo , San Joaquin and Contra Costa counties . Thursday 's hearing will be devoted to family members of DeAngelo 's 13 murder victims from Tulare , Sacramento , Santa Barbara , Ventura , and Orange County . Those sessions will be held in Department 1 inside the closed Sacramento Superior Courthouse . That is the largest available courtroom , and court officials held a lottery to allow limited access to members of the public while still allowing for enough space to accommodate victims and a handful of media . The court session then returns to Sacramento State -- where he entered his guilty pleas in June -- for his formal sentencing on Friday . The hearings will be livestreamed : https://bit.ly/sac-courts-dept-24", "url": "https://www.eastbaytimes.com/2020/08/17/sex-murder-and-video-judge-rejects-playing-jail-cell-video-of-golden-state-killer/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7886003641878571, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg4Dtig", "stitle": "Hot Girl Reactivated : Megan Thee Stallion Hits The Strip Club With Stacks Of Cash", "seg_title_stem": "hot Girl Reactivated : Megan Thee Stallion hit the Strip Club with Stacks of Cash", "seg_content": "Megan Thee Stallion resumed her partying ways a month after being the victim of a shooting . In a series of Instagram Stories posts , Hot Girl Meg showed herself out clubbing with Asian Doll a.k.a. Asian Da Brat and Akbar V. Despite suffering a serious injury foot , Megan appeared to have no health concerns regarding the COVID-19 pandemic . Clips of her time at the club showed no social distancing or masks being worn to combat the coronavirus as health officials recommend . Asian Doll 's attendance was even more surprising considering she 'd been in a serious car accident over the weekend . According to her , she was injured when the vehicle flipped over and had to crawl out from the wreckage . Asian Doll , Megan Thee Stallion , and Akbar V at the club lastnight in ATL pic.twitter.com/MWXloOTgwW -- GlockTopickz -LRB- @Glock_Topickz -RRB- August 17 , 2020 Megan Thee Stallion Leveling Up With The Club Vibes pic.twitter.com/spYB3DBX7M -- Skyfen Celeb -LRB- @skyfenceleb -RRB- August 17 , 2020 For Megan , the club adventure represented a slight return to normalcy following a crazy month in her life . A few days after Tory Lanez was arrested for carrying a concealed weapon in a vehicle in Los Angeles on July 12 , Megan revealed she was shot in the foot during that incident . Soon after , Lanez was accused of being the shooter and the Los Angeles Police Department launched an investigation into the matter . Although Megan never named Lanez as the perpetrator , she did n't refute the stories accusing him either . The shooting became a source of humor for social media , which did n't sit well with Megan . She spoke out about the injuries she suffered and questioned why her trauma had become fodder for memes . Her tearful explanation even got 50 Cent to apologize for contributing to the jokes . Things finally began to turn around for Roc Nation-managed rapper when the focus got back on her music in August . She teamed up with Cardi B on the single `` WAP , '' which quickly became a hit . Even with its NSFW content , the collaborative track debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in record-setting fashion . The single racked up 93 million streams in its first week , which is the most for any song in chart history . Two weeks after its release , Cardi and Megan 's `` WAP '' has already racked up over 100 million views on YouTube . Watch the video below .", "url": "https://hiphopdx.com/news/id.57374/title.hot-girl-reactivated-megan-thee-stallion-hits-the-strip-club-with-stacks-of-cash", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.8537682294845581}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.8537682294845581}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.8537682294845581}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg4FQFJ", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://mix979fm.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7197024033409718, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg4VIrN", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale reveals she 's had her breast implants removed as she launches blog on ` non-toxic living '", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal she be have she breast implant remove as she launch blog on ` non-toxic living '", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale has revealed that she had her breast implants removed as part of the launch of Frenshe , her new blog dedicated to `` non-toxic living . '' The actress shared her story in a pair of posts on Instagram , the first being on her personal page . In the photo attached to the post , Tisdale , 35 , stretched out and soaked up some sun on the beach while donning a light-colored bikini with a red floral pattern . The actress began her caption by explaining the post is the `` most personal -LSB- she 's -RSB- ever shared . '' `` As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery , '' she said . `` Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . '' Tisdale said that `` little by little , '' she began to experience a bevy of health problems including `` food sensitivities '' and `` gut issues , '' which she thought may have been a result of her implants . `` So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' she shared . `` This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . '' She then explained that she 's spent a great deal of time meeting with various doctors , both `` holistic and non-holistic '' in order to learn how to live a `` non-toxic life . '' `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between , '' the `` High School Musical '' star continued . `` I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! '' On the Instagram page for the blog -- called Frenshe in reference to her married name , French -- she expanded on her story and the purpose of her blog . `` Over the years I have dealt with minor health issues -LRB- gut , food sensitivities , mercury poisoning ... -RRB- that left me confused and lost , and met with countless holistic and traditional doctors and practitioners in search of answers , '' she said . `` Non-toxic living is SO important to me and I 'm so excited to let you in on what I 've learned so far . '' The star stressed the importance of `` balance and accessibility '' and her desire to create a space for people to `` talk openly about wellness , beauty , and everything in between in a personal and honest way . '' `` This is just the beginning , '' she promised .", "url": "https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/ashley-tisdale-breast-implants-removed", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9949151277542114, "Health": 0.786524772644043}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9949151277542114, "Health_Other": 0.786524772644043}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06314738962089274, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg4ipin", "stitle": "Smoking Weed After Work Does n't Affect Job Performance , Study Finds", "seg_title_stem": "smoking weed after work do not affect Job Performance , Study find", "seg_content": "Researchers concluded that smoking marijuana after hours had no negative effects at the workplace , and believe drug screening programs should adapt to this new reality . Although some states have banned pre-employment drug testing regarding cannabis use , a recent survey shows about 50 % of employers would still fire workers for a first-time positive test for cannabis . Stereotypes remain about how cannabis use affects job performance , though little to no research has looked into this belief . Researchers at San Diego State University and Auburn University bucked that trend by conducting a study on how cannabis use affected employees on the job . They concluded that consuming weed after hours had no negative effects at the workplace , but did establish a negative correlation among those who used marijuana before or during work . While inconclusive , the study added that after-hours marijuana use could actually provide some workplace benefits . `` Individuals deciding to consume cannabis after finishing their work may be able to distract themselves from stressful on-the-job issues , '' said Dr. Jeremy Bernerth , the study 's lead author . `` The relaxation induced by cannabis may help employees restore energy spent during the day and they may subsequently return with more stamina to devote to their job once they are back on the clock . '' Bernerth and his team compiled data from 281 employees and their director supervisors regarding this intersection between cannabis use and job performance . Employees were asked when and how often they used cannabis in relation to their work . This could include how often an employee smoked marijuana before their shift over the past year . Researchers then surveyed the employees ' supervisors about how well someone completed tasks at work , their willingness to support team goals , or if they exhibited any counterproductive work behavior . Supervisors more often reported counterproductive behavior and lack of team behavior by those who consumed before or during their shift . However , according to researchers , there was no `` significant change in any of the work performance dimensions when employees used cannabis after work . '' Though drug screening programs continue across workplace environments , `` there is virtually no empirical research exploring cannabis use in relation to the modern workplace , '' they added . Bernerth believes his team 's research should prohibit employers from banning all types of cannabis use by employees , because the study finds no adverse effect on job performance by after-hours users . NORML 's Deputy Director Paul Armentano supported the position , noting that many workplace drug testing program were holdover policies by the Drug War era . `` Suspicionless marijuana testing never has been an evidence-based policy , '' Armentano said . `` Rather , these discriminatory practices are a holdover from the zeitgeist of the 1980s ` war on drugs . ' But times have changed ; attitudes have changed , and in many places , the marijuana laws have changed . It is time for workplace policies to adapt to this new reality . '' The Fresh Toast is a daily lifestyle platform with a side of cannabis . For more information , visit www.thefreshtoast.com .", "url": "https://www.arcamax.com/healthandspirit/cannabisdaily/s-2399644", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg4npXk", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://my1035.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10336066588257037, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg4plcI", "stitle": "Lock : Broncos locker room pulling for Jake Butt", "seg_title_stem": "lock : bronco locker room pull for Jake Butt", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -- If nothing else , Jake Butt has proven he carries an enormous capacity for suffering . There 's been little else to show for his three years with the Broncos , and yet Butt continues to toil for a fourth season . He had a heartbreaking second torn ACL injury in his final college game for Michigan -- deciding to play in a bowl game as other top NFL prospects were choosing to opt out of their team 's finale -- that caused his draft stock to fall to the first pick of the fifth round . Yet , he did n't quit . He missed his rookie year before he fully recuperated , played in three games in his second season for the Broncos in 2018 , then suffered a torn ACL for a third time during a non-contact , special teams drill in practice . He still did n't quit . His third ACL recovery took longer than expected and he missed not only the final 13 games of 2018 , he sat out all of last season . Still , no quit in Jake . As George Kittle , taken one pick after Butt in the 2017 draft , built up his resume until he received a record $ 15 million a year deal from San Francisco , Butt continued the lonely grind through rehab hour after hour , day after day , year after year . Still , Butt perseveres . Healthy enough to give it another go for training camp in 2020 , Butt was seen catching a few passes Monday in the Broncos ' first padded practice , including one from No. 1 quarterback Drew Lock . `` There 's nobody in our locker room that does n't want to see Jake Butt succeed , '' Lock said in a Zoom media call Monday . `` One of the best teammates that we have in this locker room . For him to push and grind through all the injuries he 's had , for him to come out -- he reported early with us , right from the get-go I could tell . `` He 's not 100 percent back to normal . Obviously , you can never get back to normal after a knee -LSB- injury -RSB- , but he 's as close as you can possibly get after having those surgeries . The guy is playing some really good ball . He 's super smart and little more athletic than people give him credit for . '' It wo n't be easy for Butt to make the Broncos ' 53-man roster no matter how well his recovery is viewed . Three tight end spots are already secured for Noah Fant , Nick Vannett and fourth-round rookie Albert Okwuegbunam . A fourth spot will go to Andrew Beck , a fullback/tight end hybrid . The Broncos are unlikely to keep five tight ends , but if they do , it would go to either Butt or Troy Fumagalli , who is also having a nice camp . Butt does have practice squad eligibility -- just about everybody does with the new and amended collective bargaining agreements -- which could be a nice option as he continues to recoup his overall strength , flexibility and athleticism . At some point , though , the football gods have to reward such resolve -- both by Butt and the Broncos ' brass for sticking with him through all his injury-riddled disappointment . It says something about his character and talent potential that the Broncos have continued to hold out hope for Butt so long as he does in himself . `` I think Jake is way ahead of where he was last year at this time , '' said Broncos head coach Vic Fangio during his Zoom media call Monday . `` To quote him , he feels the best he 's felt in a long , long time . I think he 's looked good out there not just today but all the days he 's been out there . He had a great offseason . Hopefully , we 'll see the real Jake Butt here this season . ''", "url": "https://www.9news.com/article/sports/nfl/denver-broncos/mike-klis/lock-broncos-locker-room-pulling-for-jake-butt/73-34817956-4d67-43b4-8664-bb194c7ae0f5", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000098943710327}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.21123613219847331, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg4wPtj", "stitle": "Play It Forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_title_stem": "play it forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_content": "In this week 's Play It Forward , where artists tell us about their music and the musicians who inspire them , we hear from the British spoken word poet and musician Kae Tempest . In last week 's segment , Indigo Girls ' Amy Ray and Emily Saliers talked about Tempest 's ability to capture small human moments in large meditations about life and the resonant way they think about love . Ray called them `` a true poet , '' like one of the literary greats . `` You can read something that -LSB- they -RSB- wrote before what 's going on right now and it applies to what 's going on right now . It 's like , are you a -LSB- prophet -RSB- ? '' Ray wondered . `` I find that I have catharsis when I listen to -LSB- them -RSB- and read -LSB- their -RSB- words . I hear hope in them : The willingness for -LSB- them -RSB- to be so vulnerable makes me hopeful and the willingness for -LSB- them -RSB- to love humanity through the darkness makes me hopeful . '' Tempest is humbled by the praise . `` I feel like they said some extremely beautiful things and I feel honored that people are paying such close attention to my work , '' they say . `` I felt like what they were saying about the hope and the vulnerability -- the willingness to feel vulnerable being a sign of hope -- it 's just a beautiful , perceptive thing to notice . What I can say ? I feel lucky . '' NPR 's Ari Shapiro spoke to Kae Tempest about reigning in the desire to despair , the art of paying attention and the uplifting power of Lianne La Havas ' voice . Listen in the audio player above , and read on for highlights of the interview . Editor 's Note : NPR recorded these interviews when the artist went by the name `` Kate Tempest '' and used she/her pronouns . Since then , they 've put out a statement saying they will use the name `` Kae '' and them/they pronouns . NPR has been given permission to air the interview as it was recorded . Interview Highlights On loving humanity through the darkness I think it 's hard work : It 's a process and it 's a practice . It demands a willingness to defeat the parts of you that want to go first to despair or want to go first to hurt or distrust , to actually try and override that . It 's a mark of my privilege that I 'm in a position that I can do that so it 's definitely important that I acknowledge that , but at the same time , it 's something that I live by . That 's why so much of my work is about it , because so much of my life is about trying to find that balance . On practicing empathy for other people It 's about looking again . It 's basically allowing yourself -- or in fact , demanding -- that you notice and feel and tune into the idea that every single person is existing at as ferocious a frequency as you are . Empathy is about hearing other people 's stories before telling your own and just having an awareness of that at all times . For me personally , the practice is to look again . It 's about a reanimation of a kind of a veiled existence . It 's about trying to reanimate , take the veil back , look again ; it 's about noticing , particular attention . And as soon as I pay attention to anything ... it suddenly becomes something that 's extremely beautiful and it 's full of life and has a lot to teach me . On being described as a `` prophetess '' by Amy Ray For writers , we pay extreme attention -- this is what I 'm saying about this decision to pay particular attention . And when you do that , what you access is the present but what it looks like and reads like is prescience . It looks like you 're talking about the future , but actually you 're just paying attention to the present , and it happens all the time when you read novels or you listen to lyrics by people that are afflicted with the burden of being somebody who notices in such sharp frequencies what 's going on . Then you explain it and you get it out of you and it seems like you 're talking about future but you 're not ; you 're just describing the moment . On the melodic brilliance of Lianne La Havas There is something that happens when I hear her sing , which is so uplifting . I feel like the way that she selects melody and the way that she embodies those melodies -- her guitar playing , the placement of the breath in the lines that she sings -- I just find it extremely uplifting and healing . She 's one of these people that have put all this effort into making it appear effortless so that we can just be met with this wash of pure melodic brilliance . I just want to celebrate her because I 've got so much out of her melodies . I was lucky enough to be at the Albert Hall when she did a gig in London . And she did a cover version just with the guitar singing Aretha Franklin 's `` Say A Little Prayer . '' I mean , that 's a challenging song to cover , right ? But it was such a beautiful moment . I just hear somebody enjoying the beauty of music ; like what a beautiful gift it is to have music and to play music and give music to others . I 'd like to say thank you for making me feel less alone in the world and for putting your heart into everything you sing , and I 'd like to say thanks for all your music . ARI SHAPIRO , HOST : It 's time for Play It Forward , where artists tell us about their music and the musicians who inspire them . Last week , the Indigo Girls told us about a spoken word poet and rapper from London . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` UNHOLY ELIXIR '' -RRB- KAE TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- I touch the beginning , animating animals and tree gods . SHAPIRO : And a note here - we recorded these interviews a while ago when the artist went by the name Kate Tempest and used she/her pronouns . Since then , they 've put out a statement saying they will use the name Kae instead of Kate and use them/they pronouns . We 've been given permission to air the interview as it was recorded . Here 's how Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls described Kae Tempest . AMY RAY : I find that I have catharsis when I listen to her and read her words . I hear hope in them . The willingness for her to be so vulnerable makes me hopeful . And the willingness for her to love humanity through the darkness makes me hopeful . SHAPIRO : And Kate Tempest joins us now from London . Thank you for being here . Welcome to Play It Forward . TEMPEST : Thanks for having me . I 'm really happy to be here . SHAPIRO : Well , what 's your reaction to what we just heard from the Indigo Girls , to start ? TEMPEST : I feel honored that people are paying such close attention to my work . I felt like what they were saying about the hope and the vulnerability , the willingness to feel vulnerable being a sign of hope - it 's just a beautiful , perceptive thing to notice . I feel - you know , what can I say ? Feels - I feel lucky . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` HOLD YOUR OWN '' -RRB- TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- I know the days are reeling past in such squealing blasts , but stop for breath , and you will know it 's yours . SHAPIRO : They specifically mentioned your willingness to love humanity through the darkness . Does that come naturally to you , or do you have to work at finding that love in spite of the darkness ? TEMPEST : I think that it is - it 's hard work . It 's a process , and it 's a practice . It demands a certain amount of a kind of willingness to defeat the parts of you that want to go first to despair or want to go first to hurt or distrust , to actually try and , like , override that . I mean , it 's a mark of my privilege that I 'm in a position that I can do that . So it 's definitely important that I acknowledge that . But at the same time , it 's something that I try and live by for sure . And that 's why so much of my work is about it because so much of my life is about trying to find that balance . It 's not easy for sure when you get annoyed with people -LRB- laughter -RRB- . SHAPIRO : I mean , like , what does the practice involve ? TEMPEST : It 's about looking again . It 's basically allowing yourself or , in fact , demanding that you notice and feel and tune into the idea that every single other person is existing at as ferocious a frequency as you are . Empathy is about hearing other people 's stories before telling your own and just having an awareness of that at all times . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` PEOPLE 'S FACES '' -RRB- TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- But it 's so hard . We got our heads down and our hackles up , our backs against the wall . I can feel your heart racing . None of this was written in stone . The current 's fast , but the river moves slow . And I can feel things changing , even when ... For me personally , it 's about noticing particular attention . And as soon as I pay particular attention to anything , like a really mundane household object , suddenly it becomes something that 's extremely beautiful and is full of life and has a lot to teach me . I mean , I say that 'cause I 'm looking at a coffeepot . -LRB- LAUGHTER -RRB- TEMPEST : So I 'm like , can I feel that about this ? I think it has to be a living thing . I just heard myself say that . I was like , I 'm - that 's - I 'm going a bit far there . It has to be a person . SHAPIRO : I mean , it reminds me of the lyrics of the song `` People 's Faces . '' I mean , the last line is , I love people 's faces . And it speaks directly to what you 're describing right now . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` PEOPLE 'S FACES '' -RRB- TEMPEST : I love people 's faces . Yeah , that 's it for sure . That 's , like , the truest line . It 's a mad thing because I spend my entire life putting words together , and then I feel like that particular line is just the closest I 've ever come to telling just the clearest truth that I could . That is it . I love people 's faces . That 's pretty much it . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` EUROPE IS LOST '' -RRB- TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- Europe is lost , America lost , London lost . Still we are clamoring victory . All that is meaningless rules . We have learned nothing from history . The people are dead in their lifetimes , dazed in the shine of the streets . SHAPIRO : The Indigo Girls called you a prophetess , and I read an interview ... TEMPEST : Cool . SHAPIRO : ... That you did with the - yeah , it 's all right . TEMPEST : -LRB- Laughter -RRB- . SHAPIRO : You can wear that title . There was an interview you did with The Guardian in 2017 , and you said , we 're in a terrible situation in this country - meaning the U.K. - and I do n't think any of us are quite prepared for what the next few years might bring . That was three years ago . And when I read that , I thought , wow , prophetess is the right word . How have you been adjusting to this new reality that we 're all living and that none of us could have anticipated three years ago ? TEMPEST : Interesting question . Well , the first thing to say is that for writers , we pay extreme attention . This is what I 'm saying about this really - this decision to pay particular attention . And when you do that , what you access is the present . But what it 's - looks like and what it reads like is prescience . It looks like you 're talking of the future . But actually , you 're just paying attention to the present . And it happens all the time when you read novels or when you listen to lyrics by people that are just afflicted with the burden of being somebody who notices in , like , such sharp frequencies what 's going on . Then - and then you explain it , and you get it out of you . And it just - it seems like you 're talking about a future , but you 're not . You 're just describing the moment . SHAPIRO : Well , Kate Tempest , it 's your turn to play it forward . Who would you like to tell us about ? - a musician who you appreciate , who you feel grateful for . TEMPEST : I would like to appreciate and show my gratitude to Lianne La Havas . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF LIANNE LA HAVAS 'S `` BITTERSWEET '' -RRB- SHAPIRO : Tell us about her . Why did you choose her ? TEMPEST : There is something that happens when I hear her sing , which is so uplifting . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` BITTERSWEET '' -RRB- LIANNE LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- Please stop asking , do you still love me ? Do n't have much to say . Let 's speak in the morning . TEMPEST : I feel like the way that she selects melody and the way that she embodies those melodies , her guitar playing , the placement of the breath in the lines that she sings - I just find it extremely uplifting and healing . And I think she 's one of these people - they have put all of this effort into making it appear effortless . SHAPIRO : What song of hers can we play to introduce listeners to that beauty that you 're describing ? TEMPEST : Do you know what ? I was lucky enough to be at the Albert Hall when she did a gig , like a kind of homecoming gig in London . And she did a cover version , just with her on the guitar , singing Aretha Franklin 's `` Say A Little Prayer . '' -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING -RRB- LA HAVAS : Here it goes . TEMPEST : I mean , that 's a challenging song to cover , right ? Like ... SHAPIRO : -LRB- Laughter -RRB- . TEMPEST : I was - it was such a beautiful moment . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING -RRB- LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- The moment I wake up ... -LRB- CHEERING -RRB- LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- ... Before I put on my makeup , I say a little prayer for you . SHAPIRO : Well , we 're going to go to Lianne La Havas next . What would you like to say to her ? TEMPEST : I 'd like to say thank you for making me feel less alone in the world and for putting your heart into everything you sing and play . And I 'd like to say thanks for your music . SHAPIRO : Kate Tempest 's most recent album is called `` The Book Of Traps And Lessons . '' Thank you so much for talking with us . It 's really been a pleasure . TEMPEST : Oh , it 's my pleasure . Thank you so much . And thanks to the Indigo Girls . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING -RRB- LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- Without you would only mean heartbreak for me . -LRB- APPLAUSE -RRB- SHAPIRO : And we 'll talk with Lianne La Havas on the next episode of Play It Forward . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .", "url": "https://www.apr.org/post/play-it-forward-kae-tempest-watches-world-vibrate", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.999964714050293}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.999964714050293}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.999964714050293}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6904501976902042, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg4wTQd", "stitle": "Ice Cube Strips Away Deep Layers Of Slavery , As Spoken By The Slaves Themselves", "seg_title_stem": "ice cube strip away deep Layers of Slavery , as spoken by the Slaves Themselves", "seg_content": "John Henry Faulk , a popular interviewer and radio host from the mid nineteenth century was himself interviewed just prior to his death . Ice Cube has recently posted the audio recordings on his social media channels for the world to hear , and the stories that are told will rattle you to the core . Racism is very real , and the days of slavery were deeply troubling . This unique conversation is between Faulk and Black slaves that so innocently and accurately recounted the sheer horror of their lives on a restored audiotape . The raw , real depiction of their days of slavery will cause every hair on the back of your neck to rise as these ex-slaves depict the torment they were forced to endure at the hands of the masters and mistresses . Yet racism has not yet disappeared from our culture . Is This Really The Land Of The Free ? Ex Slaves talk about Slavery in the USA https://t.co/HDfKQW6CQG via @YouTube -- Ice Cube -LRB- @icecube -RRB- August 16 , 2020 Black lives might ` matter ' now , but they certainly did n't seem to in the earlier 1900s . This post tells a tale of numerous whippings , and the very grave conditions that the slaves were forced to live within . There were stories told of how they slept on the floor , on pallets , and how food was served to the slaves irregularly , in meager portions , and on a wooden slab , much like a hog would be offered his meals . Numerous slaves , grateful to their masters and mistresses for even feeding them in the first place , would grab from the board to fill their stomachs . Stories emerged of slaves working through the night in the tobacco and cotton fields , with no regard for their exhaustion or desire to sleep . Multiple references were made by the ex-slaves themselves as they compared their lives to those of cattle -- constantly being sold and purchased like live property , and never having their feelings or needs taken into consideration . They would n't dare cross their masters or mistresses , or violent punishments would ensue . Groundbreaking Revelations Of Deep Rooted Racism Perhaps the most troubling part of this gut-wrenching video was the very beginning of it . John Henry Faulk proudly described himself as a ` different kind of white person ' , and he spoke about how he believed in `` giving blacks the right to go to school , giving them the right to vote , giving them the right to do anything they were qualified for '' . Then , he experienced his ultimate epiphany . In a profoundly groundbreaking moment that depicts just how deeply rooted racism really is , the slave he was speaking this to said : `` you still got the disease '' . `` You ca n't give me the right to be a human being , I 'm born with that right . You can keep me from having that if you have all the policemen and the jobs on your side -- you can deprive me of it , but you ca n't give it to me , I was born with it just like you are . '' The oppression , hatred , discrimination and deep-rooted racism must come to a concrete stop , and Ice Cube continues to push for change . NEXT : Advocating For Black Rights Is Ice Cube 's Life Mission , And He 's Not Backing Down", "url": "https://www.thethings.com/ice-cube-strips-away-deep-layers-of-slavery-as-spoken-by-the-slaves-themselves/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9807087779045105}, "second_cat": {"Society_Advocacy": 0.9807087779045105}, "third_cat": {"Society_Advocacy_Other": 0.9807087779045105}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012858376958683757, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg5H10Y", "stitle": "Power play sizzling even without Pastrnak", "seg_title_stem": "power play sizzle even without Pastrnak", "seg_content": "This part makes at least some sense . The Bruins ' power play , No. 2 in the NHL during the COVID-19 shortened regular season with a 25.2 % success rate , went 0-for-13 through the first four games of the resumption of the season . One contributing factor : Winger David Pastrnak , whose 20 regular-season power-play goals led the NHL , missed all two weeks of local practices in July , and practice time was somewhat limited once Pastrnak got on the ice with everyone in the Eastern Conference bubble in Toronto . Here 's the part that does n't quite compute . With Pastrnak unfit to play Games 2 and 3 of the first-round series against the Hurricanes , the power play went 3-for-8 . Torey Krug , who quarterbacks the No. 1 unit from the point , cited two reasons for the boost . `` The first is the addition of Krech , '' Krug said , referencing veteran center David Krejci , who stepped into Pastrnak 's customary spot on the left flank . `` His patience and his skill set allow him to make plays under pressure . Carolina has a high-energy , high pressure -LRB- penalty -RRB- kill , and -LRB- Krejci -RRB- allows things to just settle down . He demands respect and time on the ice from the opponent . '' Krejci , the Bruins ' No. 2 center at even strength , usually leads a No. 2 power-play group that gets far less playing time than the top unit of Krug , Pastrnak , Patrice Bergeron , Brad Marchand , with either Charlie Coyle or Jake DeBrusk in front of the net for screen , deflection and puck-retrieval purposes . Krejci 's 14 power-play points during the regular season -LRB- three goals , 11 assists -RRB- ranked fifth on the team . As Pastrnak 's replacement , he figured in all three power-play goals over Games 2 and 3 , scoring one and setting up the other two . -LRB- Marchand , his customary right-circle position brought a bit closer to the net , was also 1-2 -- 3 on the power play -RRB- . Krug , who led NHL defensemen in power-play points -LRB- 28 -RRB- and assists -LRB- 26 -RRB- , also thinks the power play changed its attitude once Pastrnak left the lineup . `` Hard work , '' Krug said . `` We 're now winning loose-puck battles , getting those second , third chances . That 's something I think was missing from the first three games -LRB- the Bruins ' 0-3-0 round-robin tournament -RRB- , and the first game against Carolina , as well . `` It 's just getting back to outworking the opponent . It does n't matter if you 're 5-on-4 or 5-on-5 . That needs to be a staple for this team . And it 's working for us . '' Team signs Filipe The Bruins announced on Sunday night that they 'd signed Matt Filipe , a forward who spent four seasons at Northeastern University , to a two-year entry level contract . Filipe , a Lynnfield , Mass. , native who played at Malden Catholic High School , was actually a Hurricanes draft pick in 2016 -LRB- Round 3 , No. 67 overall -RRB- , after he played a season at the junior level with the United States Hockey League 's Cedar Rapids RoughRiders . He became a free agent this summer . Filipe put up career-best totals for assists -LRB- 13 -RRB- and points -LRB- 22 -RRB- over 30 games with the Huskies as a senior assistant captain last season , which was n't completed because of the COVID-19 pandemic . He also matched the career-best nine goals he scored in his first season . Around the boards Pastrnak skated for the second straight day on Monday , but was n't ready to play in Game 4 . He was replaced again at even strength by Anders Bjork , who took three minor penalties in Game 3 and was benched for most of the third period . ... Rookie Jack Studnicka , veteran depth center Par Lindholm and defenseman Connor Clifton -- all added to the lineup in Game 3 -- were back for Game 4 . Defenseman Jeremy Lauzon and wingers Nick Ritchie and Karson Kuhlman were healthy scratches . ... The NHL set puck drop for Game 5 on Wednesday at 4 p.m. No start time had been announced for a potential Game 6 on Thursday .", "url": "https://www.providencejournal.com/sports/20200817/power-play-sizzling-even-without-pastrnak", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Hockey": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Hockey_NHL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7510597753555686, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'curvy': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg5JlGB", "stitle": "Shaunie & Shaq O'Neal 's Daughter Amirah Flaunts Her Curvy Body in a New Mirror Selfie Shared on Instagram", "seg_title_stem": "Shaunie & Shaq O'Neal 's Daughter Amirah flaunt she curvy body in a New Mirror Selfie share on Instagram", "seg_content": "Shaquille O'Neal 's grown daughter , Amirah , looked gorgeous in her social media show off as she put her fit figure on display to the delight of her admirers . Shaquille O'Neal 's daughter , Amirah O'Neal knows how to keep her Instagram page buzzing and she confirmed it in a story update that had her flaunting her curves . Amirah rocked a chic outfit that clung to her generous curves while her toned thighs and midriff were on display as she expertly posed for the gram . O'NEAL 'S CAREER REVELATION Amirah ,18 , rocked a fitted yellow sports top with a pair of black yoga pants that clung nicely to her hips . The young adult let her hair down in a straight style as the tips teased her waist . She completed her post with a sultry pose . A few months ago , the basketball starlet was in the news following her announcement on her basketball career . She shared that she was moving to LSU to explore her sports career further . She wrote on Instagram : '' ... have decided to commit to being a student-athlete at LSU alongside my brother Shareef O'Neal ... '' View this post on Instagram young anti social ☄ A post shared by ♛ -LRB- @amirahoneal_ -RRB- on Jul 4 , 2020 at 4:55 pm PDT THE LSU LEGACY It is safe to say that Amirah 's move to LSU is not a surprising move for her family . In his hay days , her legendary dad , Shaquille enjoyed an impressive career as a student-athlete in LSU . Shaquille copped the SEC Player of the Year twice . These days , all of Shaunie 's kids are very keen on basketball and are doing well for themselves . Amirah 's older brother , Shareef , is also presently exploring his basketball career at LSU after moving from UCLA . Both Shareef and his sister are determined to live up to their dad 's legacy . Shareef 's move came in the wake of his open-heart surgery . View this post on Instagram One of the most difficult decisions for a person my age to make , is the jump from high school to college . Although I do n't fully know what 's ahead of me , I am ready for the challenge . I never imagined myself saying this , but I am excited to say that I have decided to commit to being a student athlete at LSU along side my brother @shareefoneal . I am Sooooo grateful to spend my next 4 years as a Tiger . #letsgeauxtigers A post shared by ♛ -LRB- @amirahoneal_ -RRB- on Apr 16 , 2020 at 3:02 pm PDT SHAQ 'S FATHERHOOD At the peak of his NBA career , Shaquille fathered five children . The 7 ' 1 '' basketball legend welcomed his first child , Taahirah , with former lover , Arnetta Yardbourgh in 1996 . Shaquille and `` Basketball Wives '' creator , Shaunie became romantically linked in the 2000s and had a son , Shareef O'Neal . The two would later tie the knot in 2002 . View this post on Instagram fly , with a style that 's unique . A post shared by ♛ -LRB- @amirahoneal_ -RRB- on Jun 7 , 2020 at 7:28 pm PDT The NBA icon fathered three more kids - Amirah , Me'arah , and Shaqir - with Shaunie . These days , all of Shaunie 's kids are very keen on basketball and are doing well for themselves . Shaunie also has one child , Myles , from an older relationship . She and Shaquille called it quits in 2010 , but have remained active in their children 's lives while keeping up a civil relationship .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/223524-shaunie-shaq-oneals-grown-daughter-flaun.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Basketball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Basketball_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06841579502322397, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg5ZSru", "stitle": "Clarion Compliance Endorses a Cannabis Risk Management Framework", "seg_title_stem": "Clarion Compliance endorse a cannabis risk management framework", "seg_content": "SACRAMENTO , Calif. -LRB- PRWEB -RRB- August 17 , 2020 . Clarion Compliance , an independent third-party compliance company , announces it has endorsed the cannabis risk management framework developed by the Association of Certified Commercial Cannabis Experts -LRB- ACCCE -RRB- as a tool for risk management and for early identification of non-compliant activity and streamlined reporting processes in the high-risk cannabis sector .", "url": "https://www.newsbreak.com/news/2042315032216/clarion-compliance-endorses-a-cannabis-risk-management-framework", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.8228936791419983}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.8228936791419983}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6122157898607878, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg5bgha", "stitle": "Man charged with child sex crimes", "seg_title_stem": "man charge with child sex crime", "seg_content": "CHARLESTON , Ill. -LRB- WCIA -RRB- -- Officials said a 39-year-old man was charged Monday with child sex crimes and ordered to remain in custody . In a news release , they stated James L. Williams made his first court appearance Friday . This came after he was arrested on an indictment that charges him with sexual exploitation of children to produce sexually explicit images . Those are said to have occurred between January 2017 and November 22 , 2019 . Additionally , Williams was charged with distribution and possession of child pornography . Officials said Williams is accused of posing as a female minor to talk to girls as young as 10 on social media sites like Facebook and SnapChat . He would coerce them into making child pornography of themselves and then sent it to others . He is accused of extorting the girls to give him more images by threatening to share them and , on at least four occasions , did sent the images to other people . Williams is also accused of having sexually graphic chats with other minors and talking about meeting them for sexual activity . A trial date has been scheduled for October 13 .", "url": "https://www.wcia.com/news/man-charged-with-child-sex-crimes/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008196740400023817, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg5cvf2", "stitle": "Sex , murder and video : Judge rejects playing jail cell video of ` Golden State Killer '", "seg_title_stem": "sex , murder and video : Judge reject play jail cell video of ` Golden State killer '", "seg_content": "SACRAMENTO , Calif. -- A judge in Sacramento refused Monday to allow prosecutors to play jailhouse recordings during the sentencing of `` Golden State Killer '' Joseph James DeAngelo that portrays him moving about his cell athletically in stark contrast to the feeble , wheelchair-bound appearance he has presented in court for two years . Sacramento Superior Court Judge Michael Bowman , who is to sentence DeAngelo on Friday to life in prison following a weeklong court hearing , said he did not see the relevance of allowing a DVD of videos to be played because DeAngelo , also known as the East Area Rapist , has never used his supposed frailty as an excuse for his crimes . `` Mr. DeAngelo has never put his physical infirmity as an issue , he 's never had counsel approach the court for leniency because of it , '' the judge said . Victims and family members of DeAngelo 's victims have scoffed at the notion that DeAngelo , 74 , can barely speak or move on his own , and law enforcement sources have said repeatedly that his supposed feebleness is an act -- he is physically fit and has been seen in his cell performing calisthenics and moving about freely , they said . Prosecutor Thienvu Ho , appearing in a Zoom court hearing Monday morning during which DeAngelo appeared inside a courtroom in a wheelchair with two public defenders , argued that the video should be played to assure that DeAngelo can not later seek compassionate release because of his frailty . DeAngelo pleaded guilty in June to 13 murders and a host of rapes and other crimes , and is to be sentenced following three days of victim impact statements from family members and rape victims . Those statements begin Tuesday morning . Ho said the video recordings were made June 1 , June 17-18 , June 29 and July 18 and show `` he is not physically or mentally deficient '' and reveal him `` being very flexible and strong , contrary to the image he has portrayed in court . '' He also noted that about a year ago DeAngelo was recorded `` committing a sexual act while watching someone outside of his cell . '' DeAngelo 's public defenders argued that if the tape were to be played they would seek a continuance to gather all recordings of DeAngelo in the Sacramento County Main Jail for review before sentencing can proceed . But Bowman said he would allow the DVD to remain in the court file but not have it played in Friday 's sentencing hearing , which is scheduled to be held in a ballroom at Sacramento State University . ... continued", "url": "https://www.arcamax.com/currentnews/newsheadlines/s-2399656", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.21123613219847331, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg5iH9Q", "stitle": "Play It Forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_title_stem": "play it forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_content": "In this week 's Play It Forward , where artists tell us about their music and the musicians who inspire them , we hear from the British spoken word poet and musician Kae Tempest . In last week 's segment , Indigo Girls ' Amy Ray and Emily Saliers talked about Tempest 's ability to capture small human moments in large meditations about life and the resonant way they think about love . Ray called them `` a true poet , '' like one of the literary greats . `` You can read something that -LSB- they -RSB- wrote before what 's going on right now and it applies to what 's going on right now . It 's like , are you a -LSB- prophet -RSB- ? '' Ray wondered . `` I find that I have catharsis when I listen to -LSB- them -RSB- and read -LSB- their -RSB- words . I hear hope in them : The willingness for -LSB- them -RSB- to be so vulnerable makes me hopeful and the willingness for -LSB- them -RSB- to love humanity through the darkness makes me hopeful . '' Tempest is humbled by the praise . `` I feel like they said some extremely beautiful things and I feel honored that people are paying such close attention to my work , '' they say . `` I felt like what they were saying about the hope and the vulnerability -- the willingness to feel vulnerable being a sign of hope -- it 's just a beautiful , perceptive thing to notice . What I can say ? I feel lucky . '' NPR 's Ari Shapiro spoke to Kae Tempest about reigning in the desire to despair , the art of paying attention and the uplifting power of Lianne La Havas ' voice . Listen in the audio player above , and read on for highlights of the interview . Editor 's Note : NPR recorded these interviews when the artist went by the name `` Kate Tempest '' and used she/her pronouns . Since then , they 've put out a statement saying they will use the name `` Kae '' and them/they pronouns . NPR has been given permission to air the interview as it was recorded . Interview Highlights On loving humanity through the darkness I think it 's hard work : It 's a process and it 's a practice . It demands a willingness to defeat the parts of you that want to go first to despair or want to go first to hurt or distrust , to actually try and override that . It 's a mark of my privilege that I 'm in a position that I can do that so it 's definitely important that I acknowledge that , but at the same time , it 's something that I live by . That 's why so much of my work is about it , because so much of my life is about trying to find that balance . On practicing empathy for other people It 's about looking again . It 's basically allowing yourself -- or in fact , demanding -- that you notice and feel and tune into the idea that every single person is existing at as ferocious a frequency as you are . Empathy is about hearing other people 's stories before telling your own and just having an awareness of that at all times . For me personally , the practice is to look again . It 's about a reanimation of a kind of a veiled existence . It 's about trying to reanimate , take the veil back , look again ; it 's about noticing , particular attention . And as soon as I pay attention to anything ... it suddenly becomes something that 's extremely beautiful and it 's full of life and has a lot to teach me . On being described as a `` prophetess '' by Amy Ray For writers , we pay extreme attention -- this is what I 'm saying about this decision to pay particular attention . And when you do that , what you access is the present but what it looks like and reads like is prescience . It looks like you 're talking about the future , but actually you 're just paying attention to the present , and it happens all the time when you read novels or you listen to lyrics by people that are afflicted with the burden of being somebody who notices in such sharp frequencies what 's going on . Then you explain it and you get it out of you and it seems like you 're talking about future but you 're not ; you 're just describing the moment . On the melodic brilliance of Lianne La Havas There is something that happens when I hear her sing , which is so uplifting . I feel like the way that she selects melody and the way that she embodies those melodies -- her guitar playing , the placement of the breath in the lines that she sings -- I just find it extremely uplifting and healing . She 's one of these people that have put all this effort into making it appear effortless so that we can just be met with this wash of pure melodic brilliance . I just want to celebrate her because I 've got so much out of her melodies . I was lucky enough to be at the Albert Hall when she did a gig in London . And she did a cover version just with the guitar singing Aretha Franklin 's `` Say A Little Prayer . '' I mean , that 's a challenging song to cover , right ? But it was such a beautiful moment . I just hear somebody enjoying the beauty of music ; like what a beautiful gift it is to have music and to play music and give music to others . I 'd like to say thank you for making me feel less alone in the world and for putting your heart into everything you sing , and I 'd like to say thanks for all your music . ARI SHAPIRO , HOST : It 's time for Play It Forward , where artists tell us about their music and the musicians who inspire them . Last week , the Indigo Girls told us about a spoken word poet and rapper from London . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` UNHOLY ELIXIR '' -RRB- KAE TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- I touch the beginning , animating animals and tree gods . SHAPIRO : And a note here - we recorded these interviews a while ago when the artist went by the name Kate Tempest and used she/her pronouns . Since then , they 've put out a statement saying they will use the name Kae instead of Kate and use them/they pronouns . We 've been given permission to air the interview as it was recorded . Here 's how Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls described Kae Tempest . AMY RAY : I find that I have catharsis when I listen to her and read her words . I hear hope in them . The willingness for her to be so vulnerable makes me hopeful . And the willingness for her to love humanity through the darkness makes me hopeful . SHAPIRO : And Kate Tempest joins us now from London . Thank you for being here . Welcome to Play It Forward . TEMPEST : Thanks for having me . I 'm really happy to be here . SHAPIRO : Well , what 's your reaction to what we just heard from the Indigo Girls , to start ? TEMPEST : I feel honored that people are paying such close attention to my work . I felt like what they were saying about the hope and the vulnerability , the willingness to feel vulnerable being a sign of hope - it 's just a beautiful , perceptive thing to notice . I feel - you know , what can I say ? Feels - I feel lucky . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` HOLD YOUR OWN '' -RRB- TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- I know the days are reeling past in such squealing blasts , but stop for breath , and you will know it 's yours . SHAPIRO : They specifically mentioned your willingness to love humanity through the darkness . Does that come naturally to you , or do you have to work at finding that love in spite of the darkness ? TEMPEST : I think that it is - it 's hard work . It 's a process , and it 's a practice . It demands a certain amount of a kind of willingness to defeat the parts of you that want to go first to despair or want to go first to hurt or distrust , to actually try and , like , override that . I mean , it 's a mark of my privilege that I 'm in a position that I can do that . So it 's definitely important that I acknowledge that . But at the same time , it 's something that I try and live by for sure . And that 's why so much of my work is about it because so much of my life is about trying to find that balance . It 's not easy for sure when you get annoyed with people -LRB- laughter -RRB- . SHAPIRO : I mean , like , what does the practice involve ? TEMPEST : It 's about looking again . It 's basically allowing yourself or , in fact , demanding that you notice and feel and tune into the idea that every single other person is existing at as ferocious a frequency as you are . Empathy is about hearing other people 's stories before telling your own and just having an awareness of that at all times . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` PEOPLE 'S FACES '' -RRB- TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- But it 's so hard . We got our heads down and our hackles up , our backs against the wall . I can feel your heart racing . None of this was written in stone . The current 's fast , but the river moves slow . And I can feel things changing , even when ... For me personally , it 's about noticing particular attention . And as soon as I pay particular attention to anything , like a really mundane household object , suddenly it becomes something that 's extremely beautiful and is full of life and has a lot to teach me . I mean , I say that 'cause I 'm looking at a coffeepot . -LRB- LAUGHTER -RRB- TEMPEST : So I 'm like , can I feel that about this ? I think it has to be a living thing . I just heard myself say that . I was like , I 'm - that 's - I 'm going a bit far there . It has to be a person . SHAPIRO : I mean , it reminds me of the lyrics of the song `` People 's Faces . '' I mean , the last line is , I love people 's faces . And it speaks directly to what you 're describing right now . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` PEOPLE 'S FACES '' -RRB- TEMPEST : I love people 's faces . Yeah , that 's it for sure . That 's , like , the truest line . It 's a mad thing because I spend my entire life putting words together , and then I feel like that particular line is just the closest I 've ever come to telling just the clearest truth that I could . That is it . I love people 's faces . That 's pretty much it . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` EUROPE IS LOST '' -RRB- TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- Europe is lost , America lost , London lost . Still we are clamoring victory . All that is meaningless rules . We have learned nothing from history . The people are dead in their lifetimes , dazed in the shine of the streets . SHAPIRO : The Indigo Girls called you a prophetess , and I read an interview ... TEMPEST : Cool . SHAPIRO : ... That you did with the - yeah , it 's all right . TEMPEST : -LRB- Laughter -RRB- . SHAPIRO : You can wear that title . There was an interview you did with The Guardian in 2017 , and you said , we 're in a terrible situation in this country - meaning the U.K. - and I do n't think any of us are quite prepared for what the next few years might bring . That was three years ago . And when I read that , I thought , wow , prophetess is the right word . How have you been adjusting to this new reality that we 're all living and that none of us could have anticipated three years ago ? TEMPEST : Interesting question . Well , the first thing to say is that for writers , we pay extreme attention . This is what I 'm saying about this really - this decision to pay particular attention . And when you do that , what you access is the present . But what it 's - looks like and what it reads like is prescience . It looks like you 're talking of the future . But actually , you 're just paying attention to the present . And it happens all the time when you read novels or when you listen to lyrics by people that are just afflicted with the burden of being somebody who notices in , like , such sharp frequencies what 's going on . Then - and then you explain it , and you get it out of you . And it just - it seems like you 're talking about a future , but you 're not . You 're just describing the moment . SHAPIRO : Well , Kate Tempest , it 's your turn to play it forward . Who would you like to tell us about ? - a musician who you appreciate , who you feel grateful for . TEMPEST : I would like to appreciate and show my gratitude to Lianne La Havas . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF LIANNE LA HAVAS 'S `` BITTERSWEET '' -RRB- SHAPIRO : Tell us about her . Why did you choose her ? TEMPEST : There is something that happens when I hear her sing , which is so uplifting . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` BITTERSWEET '' -RRB- LIANNE LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- Please stop asking , do you still love me ? Do n't have much to say . Let 's speak in the morning . TEMPEST : I feel like the way that she selects melody and the way that she embodies those melodies , her guitar playing , the placement of the breath in the lines that she sings - I just find it extremely uplifting and healing . And I think she 's one of these people - they have put all of this effort into making it appear effortless . SHAPIRO : What song of hers can we play to introduce listeners to that beauty that you 're describing ? TEMPEST : Do you know what ? I was lucky enough to be at the Albert Hall when she did a gig , like a kind of homecoming gig in London . And she did a cover version , just with her on the guitar , singing Aretha Franklin 's `` Say A Little Prayer . '' -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING -RRB- LA HAVAS : Here it goes . TEMPEST : I mean , that 's a challenging song to cover , right ? Like ... SHAPIRO : -LRB- Laughter -RRB- . TEMPEST : I was - it was such a beautiful moment . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING -RRB- LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- The moment I wake up ... -LRB- CHEERING -RRB- LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- ... Before I put on my makeup , I say a little prayer for you . SHAPIRO : Well , we 're going to go to Lianne La Havas next . What would you like to say to her ? TEMPEST : I 'd like to say thank you for making me feel less alone in the world and for putting your heart into everything you sing and play . And I 'd like to say thanks for your music . SHAPIRO : Kate Tempest 's most recent album is called `` The Book Of Traps And Lessons . '' Thank you so much for talking with us . It 's really been a pleasure . TEMPEST : Oh , it 's my pleasure . Thank you so much . And thanks to the Indigo Girls . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING -RRB- LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- Without you would only mean heartbreak for me . -LRB- APPLAUSE -RRB- SHAPIRO : And we 'll talk with Lianne La Havas on the next episode of Play It Forward . Transcript provided by NPR , Copyright NPR .", "url": "https://www.kosu.org/post/play-it-forward-kae-tempest-watches-world-vibrate", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.999964714050293}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.999964714050293}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.999964714050293}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06741550937168225, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg5wrPw", "stitle": "Jersey City Priest Arrested , Faces Sex Crime Charges", "seg_title_stem": "Jersey City Priest arrest , face sex crime charge", "seg_content": "JERSEY CITY , NJ - A Jersey City priest has been arrested and charged in connection with alleged sexual crimes that occurred in the rectory at St. Paul of the Cross Church earlier this year , according to Hudson County Prosecutor Esther Suarez . In a statement Suarez announced that Donato Cabardo was arrested without incident on Saturday after surrendering himself at the Hudson County Prosecutor 's Office . Cabardo has been charged with two counts of fourth-degree Criminal Sexual Contact and one count of Harassment According to the statement , the alleged crimes involved an adult female victim and were first reported to the Archdiocese of Newark . The Archdiocese notified the New Jersey Clergy Abuse Task Force and the Hudson County Prosecutor 's Special Victims Unit which then investigated the allegations . Between January and July 2020 , the investigation found , Cabardo allegedly touched the victim 's breast and buttocks for the purpose of sexually arousing or sexually gratifying himself . He also allegedly pressed his cheek against her cheek and kissed her cheek , hand , face and head . Cabardo , the third priest arrested by members of the Task Force since its inception in 2018 , is due in court on September 9 . Follow us on Facebook and sign up for TAPinto Jersey City E-News alerts to be the first to read about all things Jersey City ! Download the FREE TAPinto App ! Click here for Android - Click here for iOS for breaking news , traffic/weather alerts and special offers . Know a story we should share with readers ? Email editor Steve Lenox and tell him about it .", "url": "https://www.tapinto.net/towns/jersey-city/sections/law-and-justice/articles/jersey-city-priest-arrested-faces-sex-crime-charges", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01027731104402029, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg6PQtB", "stitle": "Evacuation warning expanded due to Potters Fire in Butte County", "seg_title_stem": "evacuation warning expand due to Potters Fire in Butte County", "seg_content": "OROVILLE , Calif. - The evacuation warning for the Potters Fire has been expanded . The Butte County Sheriff 's Office says Canyon Drive going east to Loafer Creek Road , and from Olive Highway north to Lake Oroville is also under an evacuation warning . The area of Potters Ravine Drive from Oregon Gulch Road toward Lake Oroville and from Oregon Gulch Road up to Oregon City Trail in the Potters Ravine area , north of Oroville remains under an evacuation warning . The Potters Fire is 100 acres with no containment , as of 2:20 p.m. It 's located on Potters Ravine Dr. and Oregon Gulch Rd. , northeast of Oroville . Oroville CHP has announced that Oroville Dam Road is blocked . Officers will not be allowing access at this time . Cal Fire has opened a call center for residents with questions regarding the fires burning in Butte County . The number is 530-538-7826 . Check back here for additional updates on the Potters Fire . The EVACUATION WARNING for the Potters Fire has been expanded to include CANYON DRIVE going east to LOAFER CREEK ROAD , and from OLIVE HIGHWAY north to LAKE OROVILLE . #pottersfire #ButteSheriff pic.twitter.com/WLZO8pRpMh -- Butte County Sheriff -LRB- @ButteSheriff -RRB- August 17 , 2020", "url": "https://www.actionnewsnow.com/content/news/Evacuation-warning-in-place-due-to-Potters-Ravine-Fire-in-Butte-County-572141381.html?g4", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.038942374321988396, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg6fmr5", "stitle": "Prison inmate sentenced to four more years for Linn County sex abuse", "seg_title_stem": "prison inmate sentence to four more year for Linn County sex abuse", "seg_content": "An inmate at Snake River Correctional Institution in Ontario pleaded no contest to second-degree sex abuse and was sentenced to nearly four years in prison last week in Linn County Circuit Court . Noah Powers , 45 , entered his plea on Aug. 12 . The crime occurred in May 2016 and the victim was a girl under the age of 12 . Charges of attempted first-degree rape and attempted first-degree sodomy were dismissed as part of the negotiated settlement . According to Oregon 's online court database , the Salem Police Department investigated the case . In 2019 , Powers was sentenced to 60 years in prison after a 12-member jury trial in Marion County . He was found guilty of first-degree unlawful sexual penetration , first-degree sodomy , attempted first-degree rape and first-degree sex abuse . The victim in that case also was under the age of 12 . The Linn County case was uncovered during the Salem Police Department 's investigation of the Marion County case , said prosecutor Richard Wijers . The victim was the same girl in both cases , he added . Powers ' court-appointed defense attorney , Erik Moeller , declined comment regarding the case .", "url": "https://lebanon-express.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/prison-inmate-sentenced-to-four-more-years-for-linn-county-sex-abuse/article_bcc04e5d-e143-5490-9522-1ec5b032b04c.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6249254362287542, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg6s8Mf", "stitle": "Braunwyn Windham-Burke Flaunts a New Wavy Lob Hairstyle", "seg_title_stem": "Braunwyn Windham-Burke flaunt a New Wavy Lob Hairstyle", "seg_content": "Braunwyn Windham-Burke always keeps us on our toes with her bright , playful , and sexy fashion choices . -LRB- Need we remind you of the time she pulled out a mirrored cocktail dress and crown for an at-home slumber party ? Or the time she slayed at the beach in a steamy , olive chiffon dress featuring sexy cut-outs ? -RRB- However , this past weekend it was The Real Housewives of Orange County mom 's hair switch-up that caught us off guard . On August 15 , Braunwyn shared an adorable snap of herself and husband Sean Burke ready for some weekend fun . In the Instagram photo , Braunwyn rocked a printed halter top paired with a beige mesh skirt , sandal wedges , and a chic new ` do . Rather than her usual long blonde beach waves , Braunwyn appeared with a chic wavy lob . Braunwyn 's new look comes at the hands of celebrity hairstylist Chris Dylan , and it appears to be another Bravoleb hair trick . In the comments section , a follower wrote , `` Love the haircut !!!! '' and Braunwyn replied , `` Just for the night , '' with a winky face symbol . Chop or not , this short style looks absolutely flawless on the OC stunner . View this post on Instagram Saturday 's are for hanging out !! What do you all have planned today ?? @seanwindhamburke @chrisdylanhair @beauty . by.chelsearoach #thisis40 #parentsof7 #summervibes A post shared by Braunwyn Windham-Burke -LRB- @braunwynwindhamburke -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 7:12 am PDT", "url": "https://www.bravotv.com/the-real-housewives-of-orange-county/style-living/braunwyn-windham-burke-debuts-wavy-lob-hairstyle", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.5951904058456421}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.5951904058456421}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.30024372943544503, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg6snH5", "stitle": "Suspended priest wins $ 125K from detective over claims of child sex abuse", "seg_title_stem": "suspend priest win $ 125k from detective over claim of child sex abuse", "seg_content": "A priest in Detroit has won a defamation suit he filed against a detective he alleges fabricated claims of child sex abuse against him . The lawsuit ended last week with a $ 125,000 settlement for former priest Eduard Perrone . The Detroit Free Press reported that a three-person court advisory panel ruled in his favour . Mr Perrone was removed from his position as a priest and hopes to get his job back . He was accused of sodomizing an altar boy 40 years ago . The now-grown man said the abuse did not happen . Mr Perrone also said the detective attempted to pressure another man into making abuse accusations against him , but the man said the detective twisted his words and that he had never seen the priest harm any boys . The church has yet to respond to Mr Perrone 's legal victory . `` The silence is deafening , '' he said . `` I was confident that I would be vindicated in this way . '' He said his case has `` never been about the money '' and said he was most concerned with `` restoring my good name and bringing me back to the parish , which I have served for 25 years '' . Mr Perrone was suspended from his position in 2019 . His firing prompted a lawsuit against the Detroit Archdiocese for $ 20 million , in which 20 parishioners from the Assumption Grotto church where Mr Perrone served claimed his removal caused them emotional distress . That lawsuit is still pending . Two weeks after Mr Perrone 's removal , another accuser surfaced , who claimed the priest had touched him inappropriately during a car ride 40 years earlier . Mr Perrone denied the allegations , claiming he 'd never met the individual and did n't recall him ever serving as an altar boy . Though the Archdiocese of Detroit has not commented specifically on the results of Mr Perrone 's case , they did offer a statement regarding the situation earlier this month . `` The Archdiocese of Detroit was not party to that lawsuit . It had no involvement whatsoever in the recent decision to settle the matter prior to trial . Thus it would not be appropriate to comment on the decisions made by the parties involved , '' a spokesperson said . The archdiocese noted that the ruling was regarding a monetary settlement , and did not determine fault in the abuse allegations against Mr Perrone . That statement suggests the archdiocese may not consider the ruling grounds for rehiring the priest . The spokesman said the archdiocese ca n't make a decision on the case because the matter is being handled by the Vatican . `` Until that canonical proceeding is fully resolved , Fr Perrone is presumed innocent while restricted from all public ministry , '' the spokesperson said . `` Such cases come under the jurisdiction of the Vatican . The Detroit archdiocese continues its call for prayers for all those involved in this matter . ''", "url": "https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/priest-sex-abuse-settlement-eduard-perrone-detroit-cop-police-officer-a9675051.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.9030227355644762, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'perverted': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg6wOGC", "stitle": "Will Smith 's Ex-wife Sheree Zampino Flaunts Her Gorgeous Printed Dress and Turban in a New Mirror Pic", "seg_title_stem": "Will Smith 's ex-wife Sheree Zampino flaunt she gorgeous Printed Dress and Turban in a New Mirror Pic", "seg_content": "In a stunning snapshot , Will Smith 's ex-wife Sheree Zampino rocked a wax print dress that brought out the goddess in her , and fans can not help but admire her beauty . Sheree Zampino is giving off some major summer vibes . The ex-wife of actor Will Smith showed off a stunning dress from her summer wardrobe and it looks fabulous . In a snapshot that she posted on Instagram , Zampino looked chic in a blue wax print Winny two-piece dress from her own brand , Sheree Elizabeth . View this post on Instagram Challenge accepted my beautiful sister ! Thank you for nominating me @sislovespurple A post shared by Sheree Zampino -LRB- @shereezampino -RRB- on Jul 25 , 2020 at 9:04 am PDT SHEREE TOTALLY ROCKED THE LOOK Zampino accessorized the outfit with statement gold hoop earrings and a couple of matching bangles . She opted for a pair of golden heels . She had a matching bandana on . Overall , Zampino carried the outfit pretty well and looked like the strong , confident Black woman that she is . View this post on Instagram Loving this wax print Winny 2pc Set ! Many ways to wear to create different looks & outfits ! www.ShereeElizabeth.com A post shared by Sheree Zampino -LRB- @shereezampino -RRB- on Aug 11 , 2020 at 12:49 pm PDT Zampino and her ex-husband Smith were married from 1992 to 1995 . The duo first met when Smith was establishing himself as a promising Hollywood star . As Smith got increasingly popular , his marriage suffered . Eventually , Zampino decided to call it quits ... View this post on Instagram Loving this 3pc `` Island Vibe '' Set @shereeelizabethboutique -LRB- $ 68 -RRB- www.ShereeElizabeth.com A post shared by Sheree Zampino -LRB- @shereezampino -RRB- on May 26 , 2020 at 8:00 pm PDT HOW SHEREE AND WILL MET The story of how Smith met Zampino is quite interesting and ironic . When they first crossed each other 's paths , Smith was actually trying to get to meet Jada Pinkett Smith , his current wife . Back then , Smith had a huge crush on Pinkett who was working on `` A Different World . '' Determined to go talk to her , Smith showed up on the set of the show one day . View this post on Instagram I love & honor this man ! And the icing on the cake is ... Photo cred : @jadapinkettsmith I know this is gon na have some of you less mature , less evolved , and perverted folk all up in a tizzy ! Have a blessed day ... I know I will A post shared by Sheree Zampino -LRB- @shereezampino -RRB- on Oct 10 , 2019 at 12:50 pm PDT There , the actor ran into Zampino instead while she was visiting a friend on the set of the show . Smith got her number from a friend and later on , the two started dating . The couple went on to get married and welcomed their son , Trey , in 1992 . Smith 's career was skyrocketing by then but the same could not be said about his marriage . THEIR RELATIONSHIP NOW As Smith got increasingly popular , his marriage suffered . Eventually , Zampino decided to call it quits , that too on Valentine 's Day . She later admitted that it was because she and Smith were too young to understand what it takes to make marriages work . Meanwhile , Smith thinks of his divorce with Zampino as the worst thing in his adult life and calls it the greatest failure of his life . Whatever went down with the duo , they have now put their past behind them and have an amicable relationship .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/223384-will-smiths-ex-wife-sheree-zampino-flaun.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9172250032424927}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9172250032424927}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05564578168368779, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg7TW2g", "stitle": "Why Aurora Cannabis Stock Got Smoked on Monday", "seg_title_stem": "why Aurora Cannabis Stock Got Smoked on Monday", "seg_content": "What happened Shares of Aurora Cannabis -LRB- NYSE : ACB -RRB- slid by 5.5 % on Monday , following a price target chop from CIBC -LRB- NYSE : CM -RRB- . The Canadian bank reduced its target to $ 20 , quite some distance from the previous $ 24 . So what It was n't immediately apparent why the price target was reduced . Yet even at the lower number , Aurora has significant upside : That $ 20 figure is nearly double its current price , so CIBC is maintaining its outperform recommendation . That dynamic , in which expectations are tempered but a generally bullish outlook remains , is not new in the marijuana industry lately . The sector has significant roadblocks , not least of which is the piecemeal legalization of recreational sale and use in the U.S. , and the persistent competitive threat of black market products in both Aurora 's native Canada and the U.S. On the other hand , numerous pundits and investors are optimistic about the prospect of full legalization under a theoretically more amenable presidency and Senate if the Democrats win one or both this November . And fundamentals for some top cannabis companies are getting better here and there . Aurora , for one , saw improvements on a quarter-over-quarter basis in both revenue and its bottom line in Q3 , although the company 's overall performance was n't impressive . Now what Aurora is slated to report its Q4 results on Sept. 29 . Investors will be eager to see if the company can keep those revenue-growth numbers up , and continue trimming its net losses .", "url": "https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/08/17/why-marijuana-stock-aurora-cannabis-got-smoked-on/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.016362013122800105, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg7VTK5", "stitle": "Longtime Denfeld coach Dick Swanson passes away from cancer", "seg_title_stem": "longtime Denfeld coach Dick Swanson pass away from cancer", "seg_content": "Longtime Duluth Denfeld teacher and coach Dick Swanson has passed away . Denfeld acitivites director Tom Pearson confirmed that the 71-year-old lost his battle with cancer Sunday night . The Hunter Hall of Famer was battling both liver and pancreatic cancer . Swanson spent 27 seasons as the softball coach at Denfeld , more than 20 years as the girls basketball coach , and was a football assistant for 18 year . Last week Denfeld named their softball fields ` Swanson Fields ' to honor his dedication to youth sports .", "url": "https://www.wdio.com/sports/duluth-denfeld-dick-swanson-passes-away-from-cancer/5830697/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000078678131104}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000078678131104}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04258168380239169, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg7VV5X", "stitle": "Babe : Dak deal still in the works", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Dak deal still in the work", "seg_content": "The Dallas Cowboys have big expectations for quarterback Dak Prescott in the 2020 NFL season , but right now , that 's as far as it goes . Despite off season negotiations , Prescott and the team have no long-term deal in place . Many other key players have been locked up for the next several seasons , but the Dak deal remains undone . Former Cowboys quarterback and Cowboys broadcaster Babe Laufenberg says the Cowboys are n't in a panic and expect Prescott to be on the team for a very long time .", "url": "https://www.texomashomepage.com/sports/silver-star-nation/babe-dak-deal-still-in-the-works/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04258168380239169, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg7g9ft", "stitle": "Babe : Dak deal still in the works", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Dak deal still in the work", "seg_content": "The Dallas Cowboys have big expectations for quarterback Dak Prescott in the 2020 NFL season , but right now , that 's as far as it goes . Despite off season negotiations , Prescott and the team have no long-term deal in place . Many other key players have been locked up for the next several seasons , but the Dak deal remains undone . Former Cowboys quarterback and Cowboys broadcaster Babe Laufenberg says the Cowboys are n't in a panic and expect Prescott to be on the team for a very long time .", "url": "https://www.yourbasin.com/sports/silver-star-nation/babe-dak-deal-still-in-the-works/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04258168380239169, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg7rDjF", "stitle": "Babe : Dak deal still in the works", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Dak deal still in the work", "seg_content": "The Dallas Cowboys have big expectations for quarterback Dak Prescott in the 2020 NFL season , but right now , that 's as far as it goes . Despite off season negotiations , Prescott and the team have no long-term deal in place . Many other key players have been locked up for the next several seasons , but the Dak deal remains undone . Former Cowboys quarterback and Cowboys broadcaster Babe Laufenberg says the Cowboys are n't in a panic and expect Prescott to be on the team for a very long time .", "url": "https://www.conchovalleyhomepage.com/sports/silver-star-nation/babe-dak-deal-still-in-the-works/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04258168380239169, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg7vkWG", "stitle": "Babe : Dak deal still in the works", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Dak deal still in the work", "seg_content": "The Dallas Cowboys have big expectations for quarterback Dak Prescott in the 2020 NFL season , but right now , that 's as far as it goes . Despite off season negotiations , Prescott and the team have no long-term deal in place . Many other key players have been locked up for the next several seasons , but the Dak deal remains undone . Former Cowboys quarterback and Cowboys broadcaster Babe Laufenberg says the Cowboys are n't in a panic and expect Prescott to be on the team for a very long time .", "url": "https://www.fox44news.com/sports/silver-star-nation/babe-dak-deal-still-in-the-works/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.015172049604310454, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'fuck': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg7wTQa", "stitle": "Fuck Everything , GM Is Reportedly Doing A Seven-Way Tailgate", "seg_title_stem": "Fuck Everything , GM be reportedly do a Seven-Way Tailgate", "seg_content": "Just when you think the waves may finally stop crashing down , the year throws another chaotic twist into the newsfeed : General Motors is reportedly working on advancing its six-way pickup truck tailgate with a new , secret seventh feature on the upcoming Chevy Silverado . Other sites have picked up GM Authority 's report on this groundbreaking rumor , but they seem to be overlooking the ramifications here . Those sites have focused on the most likely of all the new GM truck rumors , which is that the Chevrolet Silverado will soon adopt the MultiPro tailgate . From GM Authority : First and foremost , Chevy 's new multi-function tailgate could wear the Multi-Flex brand -LRB- potentially spelled MultiFlex -RRB- . That name is the front-runner among a handful of names being considered by the Bow Tie brand . It 's also worth noting that GM initially applied the Multi-Flex name in 2003 , albeit in conjunction for naming seats for motor vehicles . But that 's not all : GM Authority has also heard whispers that the Chevy Multi-Flex tailgate could be differentiated from the GMC MultiPro via a new feature or position . However , it 's also possible that the MultiPro tailgate will be updated to have the new feature , thereby bringing feature parity to both tailgates . The six current featured positions of the current `` MultiPro '' version of the tailgate include the primary , traditional gate down , the primary gate down with the built-in load stop , a foldable inner-gate on the tailgate that lets you reach further back into the bed , and then that gate can open into a foot step , which can then be folded back up into a raised load stop , or the step/stop can be closed for a chest-level work surface . Perhaps they 'll add a swing-gate ! Who knows at this point ? GM Authority claims the spreading of the MultiPro gate was originally planned for the `` interim '' 2021 model year of the Silverado -- so one model year before the mid-cycle refresh , which would be very soon -- but it 's possible the Covid-19 outbreak could delay things until the refresh . Either way this always seemed inevitable . Place your bets below on what that secret seventh tailgate feature is . How far can they go ? What about full side-gates , with steps , and tables ? And I want toolboxes dammit ! Tools everywhere .", "url": "https://jalopnik.com/fuck-everything-gm-is-reportedly-doing-a-seven-way-tai-1844754374", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Vehicles": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.12804410193680943, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg8ReEH", "stitle": "Tulsa Prosecutors Drop Sex Crime Charges Against Broken Arrow Man", "seg_title_stem": "Tulsa prosecutor drop sex crime charge against broken Arrow man", "seg_content": "Monday , August 17th 2020 , 6:24 pm TULSA , Okla. - Tulsa County prosecutors dropped 11 child sex crime charges against a Broken Arrow man . Carl Spaeth was arrested following an undercover operation when investigators posed as a 14-year-old girl . They said he asked for nude photos and sent explicit photos . The district attorney 's office said they dropped the case because Spaeth already pleaded guilty in a federal case that came from that arrest . Spaeth is currently serving 7 years in prison .", "url": "http://www.newson6.com/story/5f3b11973d53ea185d376b4b/tulsa-prosecutors-drop-sex-crime-charges-against-broken-arrow-man-", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04258168380239169, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg8UrLr", "stitle": "Babe : Dak deal still in the works", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Dak deal still in the work", "seg_content": "The Dallas Cowboys have big expectations for quarterback Dak Prescott in the 2020 NFL season , but right now , that 's as far as it goes . Despite off season negotiations , Prescott and the team have no long-term deal in place . Many other key players have been locked up for the next several seasons , but the Dak deal remains undone . Former Cowboys quarterback and Cowboys broadcaster Babe Laufenberg says the Cowboys are n't in a panic and expect Prescott to be on the team for a very long time .", "url": "https://www.easttexasmatters.com/sports/silver-star-nation/babe-dak-deal-still-in-the-works/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10061330781005744, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg8kn8L", "stitle": "Tulsa Prosecutors Drop State Sex Crime Charges Against Broken Arrow Man", "seg_title_stem": "Tulsa prosecutor drop state sex crime charge against broken Arrow man", "seg_content": "Monday , August 17th 2020 , 6:24 pm TULSA , Okla. - Tulsa County prosecutors dropped 11 child sex crime charges against a Broken Arrow man , after he pleaded guilty to those same charges in federal court . Carl Spaeth was arrested following an undercover operation when investigators posed as a 14-year-old girl . They said he asked for nude photos and sent explicit photos . The district attorney 's office said they dropped the case because Spaeth already pleaded guilty in a federal case that came from that arrest . Spaeth is currently serving 7 years in prison .", "url": "https://www.newson6.com/story/5f3b11973d53ea185d376b4b/tulsa-prosecutors-drop-state-sex-crime-charges-against-broken-arrow-man-", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1343352512225854, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg9H8Bp", "stitle": "NHS cannabis guidelines challenged in court", "seg_title_stem": "nhs cannabis guideline challenge in court", "seg_content": "The parents of a three-year-old boy with severe epilepsy are going to court to mount the first legal challenge to the guidelines on prescribing cannabis on the NHS . Charlie Hughes went from having up to 120 seizures a day to fewer than 20 , after receiving cannabis oil privately . Although medical cannabis was legalised in November 2018 , almost no NHS prescriptions have been handed out . A victory for the family could make the current guidance unlawful . When the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence -LRB- NICE -RRB- produced guidance for the NHS , it said there was not enough evidence to recommend cannabis-based medicines for severe , treatment-resistant epilepsy . Nusrat Zar , a lawyer working with the Hughes family to campaign for policy change , says although the guidelines did not recommend against prescribing the drug , the lack of a `` positive '' recommendation meant NHS doctors did not feel confident to do so . NICE said it would not comment on an `` ongoing legal matter '' . Charlie has a rare form of treatment-resistant epilepsy called West syndrome which has left him with developmental delay . He was given six different anti-epileptic drugs but the family , who are from Norwich , saw no improvement in his condition . His father , Matt Hughes , said he felt they were `` all out of options '' after trying all the usual medication , and even exploring brain surgery for which they were told Charlie was not a candidate . After obtaining a private prescription for cannabis oil , the family said Charlie 's seizures reduced and his development started to speed up . He became more vocal , took an interest in his toys and began to feed himself , they explained . Brain scans also showed a significant reduction in `` chaotic brain activity '' associated with seizures , Mr Hughes said . Charlie 's parents say they will only be able to afford another six months of the medication without an NHS prescription . They have been paying between # 1,000 and # 3,000 a month for oil made from the whole cannabis plant . A High Court judge has accepted the family 's application for a judicial review of the NICE guidance on two grounds . The family 's legal team argue that NICE did not have an adequate consultation when producing the guidelines , and that it failed to take into account relevant evidence , including that compiled when medical cannabis was legalised . Cannabis-based medicines were made legal at the end of 2018 , to be prescribed by specialists for patients who can not be helped by other available drugs . Changing the law involved the government recognising that cannabis had some medicinal benefit . The chief medical officer for England at the time , Dame Sally Davies , said there was `` conclusive evidence of therapeutic benefit for certain medical conditions , and reasonable evidence in several other medical conditions '' . Epilepsy was on the list of conditions for which there was stronger evidence . NICE contends that evidence for the effectiveness of cannabis-based medicines is so far relatively weak and evidence for its safety is limited . There have been few large-scale trials . When the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs carried out a review ahead of the law being changed , while it agreed there was some evidence for its benefits , it pointed out that more research needed to be done . But Caroline Barrett , the lawyer acting for the family in the judicial review , said although NICE left the option open to clinicians , its guidance was `` so cautious that the effect is children are n't getting medical cannabis '' . Mr Hughes said : `` This is an important step in our ongoing fight for our son Charlie to receive the medicine he needs on the NHS . `` NICE will now have to explain and justify in the High Court the guideline which prevents Charlie , and others like him , from being prescribed cannabis-based medicinal products which help to control his rare form of epilepsy . '' Follow Rachel on Twitter", "url": "https://www.bbc.com/news/health-53804780", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007500538261322377, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg9Rxkp", "stitle": "GrowGeneration CEO says cannabis ` business is booming ' after company ups guidance", "seg_title_stem": "GrowGeneration CEO say cannabis ` business be boom ' after company up guidance", "seg_content": "`` We saw a 50 % increase in walk-in business quarter over quarter . Business is booming , '' GrowGeneration CEO Darren Lampert said . The hydroponic and organic garden retailer recently raised its guidance to $ 175 million on the high end , up from the $ 130 million to $ 135 million once forecast earlier this year . `` We 're in such an early stage of a multi-billion dollar industry . GrowGeneration is just getting started , '' he said in a `` Mad Money '' interview . GrowGeneration , which runs dozens of specialty hydroponic and organic garden centers across the country , is expecting to bring in even more business this year than previously thought in a budding industry , CEO Darren Lampert told CNBC 's Jim Cramer Monday . The company , which since 2014 has dealt in the ancillary side of the cannabis business , last week reported record quarterly revenues of $ 43.5 million and upped its forecast for the current fiscal year to between $ 170 million and $ 175 million , up from the $ 130 million to $ 135 million the company first predicted earlier this year . `` We saw a 50 % increase in walk-in business quarter over quarter . Business is booming , '' Lampert said in a `` Mad Money '' interview . `` We 're in such an early stage of a multi-billion dollar industry . GrowGeneration is just getting started . '' GrowGeneration , which Wall Street values at $ 770.5 million , more than doubled its revenue in the three-month period ending June 30 . The $ 43.5 million the company produced last quarter was a 123 % increase from the $ 19.5 million it recorded in the year-ago quarter . The results came amid a quarter defined by an economic lockdown intended to slow the spread of a novel coronavirus . GrowGeneration operates 28 hydroponic and gardening stores , along with an online store , with a presence in 10 states including Colorado , California , Michigan and Nevada . The company plans to open up more locations in the Northeast part of the country , focusing on cannabis , hemp and organic grower markets , Lampert said . The company is looking to have 50 locations open in 15 states by the end of 2021 , a year where GrowGeneration set guidance at $ 260 million in sales on the high side . Such growth would represent a 232 % increase from the $ 79.7 million in revenue the firm posted in 2019 . Among multi-state operators -LRB- MSOs -RRB- that GrowGeneration works with , which make up 20 % of business , sales are up 180 % year over year , Lampert explained . Some of those clients include Harvest Health , Cresco Labs , Curaleaf and Acreage Holdings , he said . `` We 're a one-stop solution for all cannabis growers from the small craft growers to the large MSOs around the country , '' Lampert said . Shares of GrowGeneration surged 22 % to a $ 16.16 record close in Monday 's session .", "url": "https://www.cnbc.com/2020/08/17/growgeneration-ups-guidance-ceo-says-cannabis-business-is-booming.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 0.9994503855705261}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 0.9994503855705261}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.020248139425383303, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg9i3sh", "stitle": "Live blog : Lightning sparks fires in Butte County", "seg_title_stem": "live blog : lightning spark fire in Butte County", "seg_content": "The Latest -- Tuesday -LRB- August 18 -RRB- 8:50 a.m. . According to Cal Fire , the Potters Fire has been removed from the Butte Lightning Complex . The fire is 600 acres and 10 % contained . Original Story Below BUTTE COUNTY , Calif. -LRB- KTXL -RRB- -- Lightning strikes sparked dozens of fires in Butte County on Monday , according to officials in the area . Cal Fire says there have been a total of 26 fires in the area , with the largest fires being the Potters Fire at Potters Ravine , near the Oroville Dam , and a fire on Doe Mill Ridge north of Centerville . `` Well , the day started off with lightning and thunder and then before you know it , my son smelled smoke , '' said Phil Norris . Norris and his family are among those who live in the nearby hills and were ordered to evacuate . `` And I packed up , probably , about half my house because I do n't want to lose everything . And I got the dog in the back seat , two of the kids , '' Norris told FOX40 . The Norrises left their home in the capable hands of Cal Fire , hoping the weather cooperates with firefighters ' efforts . `` But the wind kept blowing back and forth , switching up , '' Norris explained . For much of the afternoon , a light breeze pushed the fire to the east away from the homes and toward Lake Oroville . But the winds suddenly shifted and near the foot of the spillway the fire made a late afternoon run to the south . The roads accessing the Potters Fire are narrow and winding and some of the hillsides are very steep . `` You can see the flames just licking the tops of the trees , '' Norris said . `` It 's out of control . '' Cal Fire helicopters had the advantage of the nearby lake water and were able to use that to saturate flare-ups and hotspots . At the same time , tankers dropped retardant on the fire lines to prevent the flames from spreading west toward more populated areas of Oroville . Among the resources on the ground , dozers worked right alongside flames to cut lines to further prevent a westward spread . As of 8 p.m. , a Cal Fire battalion chief told FOX40 no structures were known to have burned in the fire . Residents were cautiously optimistic they will have homes to return to . `` I 'm hoping , yes , as long as the wind do n't pick back up , '' Norris said . See FOX40 's live blog below for updates on the Potters Fire and other fires that are burning throughout Butte Coutny . Oroville CHP units are closely monitoring the fire in the Potters Ravine area . Due to the proximity of the fire to the Dam , the Oroville Dam Road -LRB- the road traveling across the Oroville Dam -RRB- is blocked and we will not be allowing access at this time . pic.twitter.com/6TeJO6r5gh -- CHP Oroville ♂ ♀ -LRB- @CHP_Oroville -RRB- August 17 , 2020", "url": "https://fox40.com/news/local-news/live-blog-lightning-sparks-fires-in-butte-county/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.840556425317247, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg9lwnQ", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Says Having Her Breast Implants Removed Made Her Finally Feel `` Fully Me ''", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale say have she breast implant remove make she finally Feel `` fully I ''", "seg_content": "Image Source : Getty / Dominik Bindl Ashley Tisdale just opened up about getting her breast implants removed in `` probably the most personal post -LSB- she 's -RSB- ever shared . '' In an Instagram shared on Monday announcing the launch of Frenshe , her new beauty and wellness website , Tisdale revealed that she underwent breast enhancement surgery years ago , but removed her implants last winter after suspecting they had caused minor health issues . `` I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . '' -- `` Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself , '' she said of going through with breast enhancement surgery . `` And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . '' The singer , who 's always beencandid about her anxiety and mental health struggles , explained that meeting with holistic and nonholistic doctors over the years inspired the creation of Frenshe . Tisdale also continued on to share that the journey of removing her implants `` has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . '' She explained her accompanying Instagram photo , where she 's shown relaxing on the beach , was taken two months after her explant surgery . `` I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . '' Check out Tisdale 's honest post in full below , and hop over to Frenshe to learn more about her new wellness venture . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 8:02 am PDT", "url": "https://www.popsugar.com/beauty/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-47702737", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9999270439147949}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9999270439147949}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.013941784560268513, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wg9wrQ8", "stitle": "All evacuation warnings lifted for Potters Fire in Butte County", "seg_title_stem": "all evacuation warning lift for potter fire in Butte County", "seg_content": "OROVILLE , Calif. - All evacuation warnings have been lifted for the Potters Fire , according to the Butte County Sheriff 's Office . Potters Fire is located on Potters Ravine Dr. and Oregon Gulch Rd. , northeast of Oroville . The Butte County Sheriff 's Office has downgraded and lifted several evacuations . Potters Fire on Tuesday , Aug. 18 . -LRB- Action News Now photo -RRB- Action News Now spoke with Cal Fire Public Information Officer , Rick Carhart who confirmed the fire is 930 acres and is 20 % contained . The animal evacuation center will be closing Wednesday , Aug. 19 . Cal Fire officials ask that residents retrieve their animals . For the animal evacuation hotline , call 895-0000 . Cal Fire has opened a call center for residents with questions regarding the fires burning in Butte County . The number is 530-538-7826 . Cal Fire officials held a briefing regarding the Butte Lightning Complex and the Potters Fire incident . Watch the full briefing in the video player below :", "url": "https://www.actionnewsnow.com/content/news/Evacuation-warning-in-place-due-to-Potters-Ravine-Fire-in-Butte-County-572141381.html?g5", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.7024909257888794}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.7024909257888794}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8505369388854533, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgA72CC", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Revealed That She Had Her Breast Implants Removed", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal that she have she breast implant remove", "seg_content": "In what she 's called her `` most personal post , '' Ashley Tisdale revealed that she had her breast implants removed last winter after experiencing unexplained `` minor health issues '' and striving to live a more `` non-toxic life . '' In a lengthy Instagram caption , she explained that the removal allowed her to embrace her body and self and combat constant thoughts of feeling `` less than . '' Tisdale explained that she 's had breast implants for years and that , at first , they did allow her to feel more comfortable in her body and more secure about how she looked . However , she notes , things started to get more complicated . `` As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important , '' she started . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . '' Tisdale noted that she struggled with `` food sensitivities as well as gut issues '' after her implants . And though she does not blame them explicitly , she did write that she consulted both `` holistic and non-holistic doctors '' and decided to have the implants removed . Tisdale noted that she 'll offer up more information on a second account , @frenshe , a new endeavor that hopes to teach followers about `` non-toxic living . '' `` This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me , '' she wrote . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' She finished with a message about moving forward and allowing her past decisions to stay in the past : `` I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . '' According to People , the Food and Drug Administration is investigating breast implant manufacturers after several reports linked breast implants to anaplastic large-cell lymphoma , a type of cancer . The FDA instructed manufacturers to add a warning to implants ' packaging with explicit warnings of the potential dangers .", "url": "https://www.instyle.com/celebrity/ashley-tisdale/ashley-tisdale-breast-implants-removed", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.028795267603095812, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgAJgpq", "stitle": "Board Softens Some Rules on Recommendations to Oklahoma Medical Marijuana Authority", "seg_title_stem": "Board soften some rule on recommendation to Oklahoma Medical Marijuana Authority", "seg_content": "A board recommended on Monday less stringent changes to Oklahoma 's medical marijuana program than some of the dozens initially proposed . One rule would have required labels on edibles to include a list of not only ingredients , but also any pesticides and chemicals used to grow and process the product 's marijuana extract . Oklahoma Medical Marijuana Authority Food Safety Standards Board member Travis Splawn said that could be helpful . `` If they have to list on a label pesticides that they 're using , that might be one way to figure out we have a pesticide that 's on all these labels that we 're not even testing for , '' Splawn said . Other members said the requirement would make for labels too long to fit on packaging . Board member Ray Jennings added there are no such labeling standards for any other crop in the state . `` I just do n't want to see us adding and making burdensome requirements just because it 's cannabis , '' Jennings said . The board is recommending labels list any nonorganic pesticides and solvents used that the state already tests for . The board is also recommending commercial disposal logs for root balls and other waste products be limited to an affidavit rather than including specific details and licensee information . `` Most of these items contain a marginal if any THC content , so there 's no worries about diversion , '' said board member Bud Scott . Board member Mark Woodward , who is with the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs , agreed the more detailed disposal logs would probably be overkill . `` I think there 's some things that are already out there , and I 'm not sure , necessarily , that all this is needed , '' Woodward said . Oklahoma has more than 325,000 active medical marijuana licenses .", "url": "https://www.publicradiotulsa.org/post/board-softens-some-rules-recommendations-oklahoma-medical-marijuana-authority", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04771876129140306, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgAJzMP", "stitle": "How to Cook Chicken Breasts in the Instant Pot Step-by-Step", "seg_title_stem": "how to cook Chicken Breasts in the instant Pot Step-by-Step", "seg_content": "The Instant Pot is the answer to quick and easy chicken breasts . Each product we feature has been independently selected and reviewed by our editorial team . If you make a purchase using the links included , we may earn commission . The Instant Pot makes our lives easier -- and not just because it can make a meal from start to finish in one pot -LRB- although that 's nothing to turn your nose up at -RRB- . My favorite thing about the Instant Pot is how easy it makes cooking staples , like rice , beans , hard boiled eggs , and chicken breasts . You can easily cook fresh or frozen chicken breast in your Instant Pot , helping to free up oven space and save time . Enjoy your Instant Pot chicken breast as is , or use it to hack meal prep like a pro . Tender and juicy Instant Pot chicken breasts can be cubed or shredded to add to a variety of dishes all week long . So , if we have n't convinced you the Instant Pot is the way to go when it comes to cooking chicken breast , this easy , step-by-step tutorial certainly will . But first , get the answers to some Instant Pot chicken breast FAQs . Can You Cook Frozen Chicken Breasts in the Instant Pot ? While this tutorial focuses on cooking fresh chicken breasts in the Instant Pot , you can easily achieve the same results with frozen chicken breasts using this technique . Just make sure to add 5 additional minutes of cooking time when using frozen chicken breasts . And be sure the breasts are separated before cooking . For more details , learn step-by-step how to cook frozen chicken in the Instant Pot . Can You Cook a Whole Chicken in the Instant Pot ? Again , thanks to the magic of the Instant Pot , the answer is yes . If you want to achieve supermarket-style rotisserie chicken at home , it takes less than an hour using the Instant Pot . Learn how to season , sear , and cook a whole chicken in the Instant Pot using our step-by-step tutorial . Can You Cook Chicken Breasts with Bones in the Instant Pot ? Yup . You can use the method below to cook boneless skinless chicken breast , bone-in chicken breast , and even chicken breast with the skin on all at the same cooking time . How to Cook Chicken Breast in the Instant Pot Step-by-Step Here 's What You 'll Need 3 lbs chicken breasts -LRB- about 4 large breasts -RRB- 1 teaspoon salt 1 cup low-sodium chicken broth or water Instant Pot or other electric pressure cooker Instant Pot trivet or other pressure cooker rack Instructions Place ingredients in the Instant Pot . Set the Instant Pot trivet or any other pressure cooker rack -LRB- like this $ 7 Amazon best seller -RRB- inside the insert of the Instant Pot . Season the chicken with salt and place on the trivet . Pour chicken broth or water over the chicken . Close the lid . Cook the chicken on HIGH pressure . Turn the pressure valve to the sealing position . Set to HIGH pressure . For a juicy chicken breast perfect for eating whole or cubing , set the timer to 10 minutes and quick release the pressure once the time is up . For shredded or frozen chicken , set the timer for 15 minutes and natural release for 5 minutes once the time is up . Release any remaining pressure and let the chicken rest . Quickly and carefully release any remaining pressure by turning the pressure valve to the venting position . Open the lid and carefully remove the chicken . Let it rest on the cutting board for five minutes before shredding or slicing , in order for the juices to distribute throughout the chicken . You may use a digital thermometer to check that the internal temperature is at least 165 degrees F. Prepare the chicken and reserve the broth . If you 're saving the cooked chicken for meals throughout the week , store them whole to keep the moisture in . For immediate use , chop or shred chicken as desired for use in other recipes . And do n't forget to reserve the broth for soups and cooking grains ! How to Store Cooked Chicken Breast Cooked chicken should be kept in an airtight container or wrapped tightly with plastic or aluminum foil and stored in the refrigerator . It will keep this way for three to four days . How to Use Instant Pot Chicken Breast Congratulations ! You 've got tender , juicy chicken breast that 's ready to use in this week 's meals . Rub a little butter and salt on your whole chicken breasts and reheat for an easy weeknight meal -LRB- like in this Three-Ingredient Baked Chicken Breast recipe -RRB- . Use cubed chicken in Chef John 's top-rated Spicy Chicken Noodles . Shredded chicken makes Mexican night a breeze when used in this Slow-Cooker Chicken Tortilla Soup or Baked Chicken and Rice Chimichanga . Browse our entire collection of chicken recipes for more inspiration .", "url": "https://www.allrecipes.com/article/instant-pot-chicken-breast/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04013367726222279, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgASSXJ", "stitle": "A high profile sex offender is out of jail and back home in Melrose after bail fund pays for his release", "seg_title_stem": "a high profile sex offender be out of jail and back home in Melrose after bail fund pay for he release", "seg_content": "The Massachusetts Bail Fund , which runs on donations , has been criticized for bailing out people charged with serious offenses , including rape and attempted murder . Just last month , the fund paid to free another level 3 sex offender , Shawn McClinton . McClinton was re-arrested soon after his release for allegedly raping a Quincy woman who police say he tried to strangle . `` We have victims in Melrose involved with Mr. Jacquard , and now throughout the region , '' said Lyle . `` I would hope -LRB- Massachusetts Bail Fund -RRB- would have that information . Anybody that has any inkling of what this guy 's done in the past would certainly have reservations about assisting him in any way . ''", "url": "https://www.boston25news.com/news/25-investigates/high-profile-sex-offender-is-out-jail-back-home-melrose-after-bail-fund-pays-his-release/MW7LGTHDB5DOZE72VP6AAVYILY/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000006079673767}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.000006079673767}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.042723889273895546, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgAYLxY", "stitle": "PD : Mesa man arrested , accused in plot to murder brother , turn family into sex slaves over inheritance money", "seg_title_stem": "pd : Mesa man arrest , accuse in plot to murder brother , turn family into sex slave over inheritance money", "seg_content": "MESA , Ariz. - Authorities are accusing a Mesa man of various criminal offenses stemming from a disagreement with his brother over inheritances . According to court documents obtained by FOX 10 on August 17 , 36-year-old Ross Paul Emmick , was arrested on August 14 , and is accused of theft by extortion , stalking , conspiracy to commit first-degree murder , and computer tampering . Police : Emmick believes his brother should not have received inheritance In a probable cause statement included in the court documents , a Mesa Police detective said the incident began in March 2020 , when officers received information from the victim that Emmick was threatening him , and that there was an order of protection in place . Officers later found out that Emmick and his brother have received inheritance money from their grandparents , who have passed away . `` The argument has been that the defendant does not believe that the victim should have received any money , '' read a portion of the probable cause statement . In July , investigators say Emmick 's longtime girlfriend sent them an e-mail , stating that Emmick was planning to do something , and that she has never seen Emmick like this . `` The defendant is a lot smarter than you think he is , '' the girlfriend wrote , according to investigators . `` He is 100 % positive that he can do whatever he is going to do numerous times . '' Investigators say Emmick 's girlfriend also stated that Emmick vowed to hire a private investigator if the victim moves , and will continue to `` wreak havoc '' on the victim 's life until he pays back the money and drop the restraining order . On July 20 , police detectives say they made contact with Emmick and his girlfriend , and told Emmick to stick to the order of protection and `` let it go . '' Suspect accused of threatening to kill victim , turn family members into sex slaves On August 14 , investigators say the victim called police and said Emmick violated the order of protection , and sent him an e-mail . `` You -LSB- expletive deleted -RSB- think you can steal ... and on top of that , you get some -LSB- expletive deleted -RSB- restraining order on me . You think you are a king , a dictator that gets to dictate my life . You think you have the right to endanger my family . Well -LSB- expletive deleted -RSB- you and the judge that signed order . -LSB- Expletive deleted -RSB- just got real as -LSB- expletive deleted -RSB- , '' read a portion of the e-mail . A portion of that e-mail , as included in court documents obtained by FOX 10 , contained graphic details where Emmick wrote that the victim 's children will be subjected to sexual abuse and torture . Emmick , investigators say , also told the victim to meet with him in order to stop people from killing the victim 's family . Police officials say detectives later arrested Emmick . Emmick , according to investigators , admitted that he hired someone to kill the victim , , but later claimed he made that part up about having hired people to kill the victim . FOX 10 's Jennifer Martinez caught up with the victim on August 17 . The victim , who did not want to appear on camera , said he is still shaken . Cash bail set for suspect Court documents state that a cash bail for Emmick , who is a Mesa resident , has been set at $ 350,000 . Should he make bail , he is required to undergo electronic monitoring .", "url": "https://www.fox10phoenix.com/news/pd-mesa-man-arrested-accused-in-plot-to-murder-brother-turn-family-into-sex-slaves-over-inheritance-money", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8425349838911937, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgAskcD", "stitle": "Madonna celebrates 62nd birthday with a lot of weed", "seg_title_stem": "Madonna celebrate 62nd birthday with a lot of weed", "seg_content": "View this post on Instagram A post shared by Madonna -LRB- @madonna -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 7:48 pm PDT Last week , Page Six reported that Madonna was planning on celebrating her birthday in Jamaica -- but that some pals , including BFF Guy Oseary , decided not to attend because of the pandemic . In the end , the Material Girl was kept company by her family , boyfriend , an A-Lister -- and a lot of weed . She rang in her 62nd year with her much-younger boyfriend , Ahlamalik Williams , and kids Lordes , Rocco , David and Mercy . Superstar DJ Diplo also partied with the gang . Meanwhile , Madge posted a picture of herself holding a tray covered with a stack of weed and rolling papers , and she even had her fingernails painted with marijuana leaves .", "url": "https://pagesix.com/2020/08/17/madonna-celebrates-62nd-birthday-with-a-lot-of-weed/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9287312626838684}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9287312626838684}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.9287312626838684}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05073313388143013, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgAzPLj", "stitle": "Mass. cannabis regulators vow to discuss incubator to help increase diversity", "seg_title_stem": "Mass. cannabis regulator vow to discuss incubator to help increase diversity", "seg_content": "An advisory group to the state 's Cannabis Control Commission is pushing for a state-certified incubation program to help smaller operators from diverse backgrounds break into the highly capitalized and competitive industry .", "url": "https://www.bizjournals.com/boston/news/2020/08/17/cannabis-incubators-could-help-increase-diversity.html?ana=newsbreak", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgBBk53", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://mix108.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06448202315105449, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgBIKeA", "stitle": "Burrow , Bengals Sizzle With Change As Pads Beckon", "seg_title_stem": "burrow , Bengals Sizzle with Change as Pads Beckon", "seg_content": "First things first . Yes , Joe Burrow can sling the ball . And he did it at will Monday in the last practice before the Bengals don pads for the first time in the decade on Tuesday morning . Second , it looks like A.J. Green is going to be just fine . At some point late in Monday practice 's Green tweaked something . Maybe a hammy . Nobody was saying , but indications were Green planned to practice Tuesday after head coach Zac Taylor pulled him out early following a few crisp hookups over the middle from Burrow . Thirdly , the Bengals look way different these days even without Burrow in the conversation . The middle of their offensive line is massive and anchored in more ways than one , while the heart of their defense is seasoned and salty . Right end Sam Hubbard had to smile during Monday 's workout in helmets , shorts and shells when he glanced down the sideline to his new linemate and heard nine-year defensive tackle Mike Daniels just unleash a verbal assault on a young offensive lineman . For a defense that has struggled to find its way the past few years , it was n't a breath of fresh air , but rather a much needed stream of steam . `` We love his attitude and the way he brings that competitiveness and that edge to our defensive line , '' Hubbard said . `` We saw him on the first walkthrough , Day One , just being physical and getting after guys . I was really impressed with him . I 'm really happy he 's a part of our unit . '' And then Hubbard just had to look behind him and see an old college teammate . If Daniels is bringing the salt , he knows former Saints free safety Vonn Bell is bringing some hot sauce . He can tell already . `` He 's ultra-competitive , first of all , '' Hubbard said . `` Every day out there he 's talking to the offense , talking to the defense , getting everybody ready to get after it . He carries that into the meeting room and every aspect of his football character . He 's just hungry and physical . What he brings to the back end , I think it 's contagious . You can already see it in just three full speed practices . Guys making plays on the ball and everyone being held accountable . '' Hubbard is a good place to start Monday in this very different Bengaldom . Heading into his third season as the sack leader of the 2018 draft class with 14.5 , he has seen much of the hard times of a defense that has allowed the most rushing yards in the NFL the past three seasons . But during an offseason he moved back from Miami to Cincinnati for the pandemic , he also saw the Bengals drop a load of money and draft picks on each tier of the defense . Not only that , one of his close friends long before this all began is Burrow , another buddy from Ohio State and now his neighbor on Cincinnati 's leafy east side . `` He 's really impressed a lot of guys with how he 's walking around the building , his demeanor , how he 's carrying himself , how he feels the sense of urgency to be a leader of the offense , '' Hubbard said . `` I think everyone 's been impressed with how he communicates , how he understands the offense . Because when the -LRB- first-team -RRB- offense goes out there , it 's a challenge . They 're running on all cylinders . That 's not something you 'd expect to see with a rookie quarterback . '' But , and this is maybe what Hubbard likes best about him is this is the same guy that took the scout team snaps in Columbus . `` He has n't changed at all . He has the same mentality as he was as a third-string back-up at Ohio State as a freshman , '' Hubbard said . `` Still fighting every day to get on the field and get his name known . He takes that mentality and level-headedness of where he 's been to where he 's at now . '' This was Burrow on Monday , getting them in and out of the huddle like he 'd been doing it for the last couple of Augusts . And that 's not as easy as it looks considering he won the Heisman without a huddle at LSU . Or consider the huddles left guard Michael Jordan remembered at Ohio State when on Monday he saw a defender jump at Burrow 's bark . `` It 's totally different from way back then , '' Jordan said . `` I just remember guys like -LRB- center -RRB- Pat Elflein , coach -LRB- Urban -RRB- Meyer , constantly yelling at Joe to be more demonstrative when calling the cadence , and now everything is crystal clear . He 's getting our guys on defense to jump offside with hard counts , and I love it . '' Burrow hit his first four passes in 11 on 11 before pressure caused him to overthrow wide receiver Mike Thomas . He did n't miss one in a seven-on-seven and kept finding completions even though his receivers keep dropping like flies . By the end of Monday , he did n't have three of his top four -LRB- Green , John Ross , Tee Higgins -RRB- and although he 'll have them soon enough it was as if he 'd been finding wide receiver Tyler Boyd for years . And he saw Thomas , too . That 's just not the only thing that 's new . Xavier Su'a - Filo , the new right guard whose last of his 53 starts came in front of quarterback Dak Prescott in Dallas , brings a rather stately presence to an offensive line that has been adrift in injuries and transition the past several years and the man knows something about rookie quarterbacks . He was Deshaun Watson 's guard in Houston when he made that first start at Paul Brown Stadium in 2017 . `` Pretty impressed . To be honest , sometimes I forget he 's a rookie , '' Su'a - Filo said of Burrow . `` He carries himself real well , and the biggest thing I think for young players is confidence and I 've been really impressed with that , not just with Joe but for the rookies in general . '' Jordan took a look at his line in front of Burrow Monday and heard the changes sizzling . `` I feel like we 're electric , '' Jordan said . `` Having veteran guys like Xavier come in , he 's been really helpful improving my game . I try to learn as much as possible from him and all the older guys in the room . Like Bobby Hart , Trey Hopkins , Billy Price . Having those guys help with those other guys does a whole lot for our team . '' The 6-6 Jordan , who has lost his 21-year-old rookie baby fat , has fit nicely under Su'a - Filo 's wing . He 's tipping the scales at a very solid 320 pounds after a huge offseason in Miami at Pete Bommarito 's celebrated gym before transferring to Ryan Patrick at Northern Kentucky 's PeakFAST . It all has offensive line coach Jim Turner head over heels . Turner loves his guards huge and now with the 6-4 , 310-pound Su'a - Filo , well , he ca n't wait . But Su'a - Filo is here for as much his sagacity as his size . Before he became the first pick in the 2014 second round by the Texans , he played at UCLA and got to know Steve Radicevic , then the Bruins director of football operations . Radicevic , now the Bengals ' director of pro scouting , remembered that he was not only a top player , but a great teammate and guy , too . You saw it on the field Monday during breaks in positional drills , where he could be spotted putting his hands on first-year left tackle Jonah Williams and walking him through a tip . Jordan says Su'a - Filo has `` wisdom . '' `` The only way we get better really on the O-line is helping out the younger guys , too , and I 've been fortunate to have a lot of veterans help me over the years , '' Su'a - Filo . `` So , just try to share it forward . '' He says he likes the old school Turner and the physical game he espouses and now maybe this line is growing up . Su'a - Filo , 29 , and center Trey Hopkins , 28 , are the clear leaders , but Jordan also has kind words for how right tackle Bobby Hart helped him last year . Early last season Jordan ran into what Turner has called a `` rookie wall . '' A nagging knee injury did n't help and Turner put Jordan on the bench in the hopes he would sit back a bit and learn . It worked . When Jordan returned in the last month , the Bengals were a top ten running team , running back Joe Mixon got his 1,000 yards and Jordan was a big reason why . `` When I was sitting on the bench I was really thinking about being a professional all the time . Bobby Hart taught me about that , '' Jordan said . `` When you 're out in practice and on the field , you have to go out and perform . When you 're going through walkthroughs , perfect the steps . When you 're on your own you have to watch film and you have to take care of your body whether it 's getting massages , cold tub or therapy . Whatever you have to do to take care of yourself . That 's what I was doing last year because I had a little bit of a nagging injury the whole year , but once I started becoming a professional everything changed for me . '' A different Bengaldom . Hubbard was talking about his defense in year two under coordinator Lou Anarumo . But he could have been talking about a team in year two under Taylor now led by a rookie-veteran quarterback . `` I 'd say it 's a big difference just because there 's a lot better communication and understanding of what our defense should look like , '' Hubbard said , `` what everyone 's responsibilities are and a lot of things that we went through the first year have been ironed out . ''", "url": "https://www.bengals.com/news/burrow-bengals-sizzle-with-change-as-pads-beckon", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014940886510430292, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgBXuRp", "stitle": "Marijuana vending machines to debut in Colorado , Massachusetts", "seg_title_stem": "marijuana vend machine to debut in Colorado , Massachusetts", "seg_content": "Aug. 17 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- Marijuana vending machines are rolling out in Colorado and Massachusetts to offer customers contactless buying at dispensaries in states where pot is legal . Boston-based anna debuted the new machines at Strawberry Field dispensary in Pueblo , Colo. , where customers can now buy flower , edibles and vape oils without interacting with a salesperson , the Denver Post reported . More machines will be installed in Aurora , a Denver suburb , later this year , the company said . Local agents identify customers through drivers license and approve payment , then buyers pick up their product from the machine . `` It 's about getting customers through faster with less contact , '' CEO Matt Frost told Masslive.com . Frost , a former medical data analyst , said Massachusetts dispensary customers can wait in long lines which makes acquiring medical cannabis dangerous for those with compromised immune systems in an age of COVID-19 . `` A self-checkout solution does lend itself well to these times , '' Frost said . `` There 's a bigger appetite for what we 're doing now . '' The machines are set to debut in September in Massachusetts , where retail sales of recreational marijuana became legal in November of 2018 . Along with the appeal of touchless buying , mechanizing the sale of marijuana might also be attractive to cannabis companies as 10,000 Massachusetts cannabis dispensary workers recently appealed to the National Labor Relations Board to authorize a mail-in election to unionize . United Food and Commercial Workers unionized its first commercial dispensary in Massachusetts last fall . `` The legal cannabis industry is a newly regulated market that can offer local communities jobs with strong wages and benefits that ca n't be outsourced , '' UFCW said in a statement . `` Jobs that pay better wages and provide better benefits -- like the ones we represent -- are vital to keeping our economy afloat and families out of poverty . '' The anna machine is not the first pot vending machine to appear in Colorado . A vending machine with cameras to check customer IDs was introduced in Eagle-Vail in 2014 . The Zazz machine was produced by American Green and installed in a dispensary in Avon , Colo. .", "url": "https://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2020/08/17/Marijuana-vending-machines-to-offer-touchless-sales-in-Colorado-Massachusetts/2771597709704/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4108023470946174, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgBinBp", "stitle": "Selling Sunset : Chrishell Teases `` Good News '' With Insta Bikini Post", "seg_title_stem": "sell Sunset : Chrishell tease `` good news '' with Insta Bikini Post", "seg_content": "Chrishell Stause recently posted a bikini picture on her IG , while frolicking at the beach with her Selling Sunset co-stars . The photo is captioned with a cryptic message , `` Good News . '' Now , fans are speculating that the news has something to do with the reality show being renewed . Season 3 of Selling Sunset featured a lot of dramatic moments , including Chrishell 's split from Justin Hartley . The plot of the show completely shifted towards Chrishelle Stause when news of her tragic divorce broke . Christine Quinn is feeling a little disappointed that her wedding is getting overshadowed by Chrishell 's divorce . Now , fans who have watched the latest season want to know if there is another season in the making . The viewers do want another season as there are several unresolved issues to be sorted out . For example , the argument between Mary Fitzgerald and her husband , Romain Bonnet , and if Mary and Christine become friends again . Earlier , Christine confirmed that Netflix has not yet officially green-lit the production of season 4 , probably due to the novel Coronavirus pandemic . Otherwise , the show typically gets picked up just after a season releases . However , considering the reviews and recognition that Selling Sunset has been receiving , it seems like the streaming platform will officially announce the upcoming season 's release date soon . While the news about season 4 is under wraps , the Selling Sunset ladies , Chrishell , Mary , Heather Rae Young , and Amanza Smith , got together in their sexy beachwear . They celebrated the success of Selling Sunset season 3 and hinted that season 4 might be a go . 39-year-old Stause posted a picture on her IG and wrote a cryptic caption , `` Carpe Diem !! Celebrating good news we ca n't tell you about . '' Many fans have speculated that Netflix has renewed Selling Sunset one more time . One fan wrote , `` You guys got renewed for another season !!! '' Another one chimed in , `` Selling sunset has been picked up for a season 4 !!!!!!! Omg I 'm so excited lol . '' Check out the picture below : View this post on Instagram Carpe Diem !! Celebrating good news we ca n't tell you about #SellingSunset #Season3 #Netflix A post shared by Chrishell -LRB- @chrishell . stause -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 5:29 pm PDT Some fans are also guessing that either Christine Quinn or Davina might have been fired from the show . One fan commented , `` God I hope it 's Christine and Davina are gone . '' Another amusing comment read , `` You stole the $ 75M deal from Davina and sold it and made a 7-figure commission ?! '' The real estate agents enjoyed their time at the boat while flaunting their toned abs in sultry bikinis . It 's good to see Chrishell happy and in the company of her good friends . She has been through many tragedies in the last year , and she deserves all the happiness . It would be interesting to see how the office dynamic changes in the upcoming season . Brett Oppenheim has left the brokerage and established his own firm . Davina and Chrishell are n't on good terms and Amanza and Christine have become foes . More importantly , there are chances that viewers will see Heather Rae Young getting hitched with her fiance Tarek El Moussa in season 4 . Next : Selling Sunset : Why Fans May Not See Maya & Davina In Season 4 Selling Sunset season 3 is available to watch on Netflix . Source : Chrishell Stause About The Author Neha Nathani holds a degree in Journalism and has written/produced content for the most influential brands in the business . She loves to tell and write stories , fictional and non-fictional . Neha describes herself as someone who possesses both a creative and analytical mind . When she is not writing stories for Valent , she plays with her cat or tries some new dance moves .", "url": "https://screenrant.com/selling-sunset-chrishell-good-news-insta-bikini-post/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9991428256034851}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9985079765319824, "ArtsEntertainment_TV": 0.9991428256034851}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 0.9821950793266296}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.17386314873402628, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgBk4g5", "stitle": "Now Harvey Weinstein Is Fighting a Law That Protects Child Sex Abuse Victims", "seg_title_stem": "now Harvey Weinstein be fighting a law that protect Child sex abuse victim", "seg_content": "Harvey Weinstein is arguing that New York 's Child Victims Act -- which extends the statute of limitations for survivors of child sexual abuse in criminal and civil cases -- is unconstitutional , because of course he is . Last December , Kaja Sokola , a model from Poland , filed a lawsuit against Weinstein saying that he sexually abused her nearly 20 years ago when she was 16 . `` I originally filed my case under a pseudonym , '' she said in a statement at the time . `` But I can not accept the proposed ` global settlement ' as fair or just . There is no accountability for the perpetrators , insufficient compensation for all of the victims , and millions of dollars going to people that I believe enabled Weinstein . '' Now , Weinstein 's lawyers are saying the Child Victims Act violates the Constitution , while also claiming Sokola 's accusation is made up . According to the New York Post , `` An indisputable timeline of events , corroborated by other evidence , will refute her claims of abuse , '' Weinstein 's lawyer Imran Ansari wrote in Manhattan Supreme Court papers seeking to dismiss Sokola 's case . But Weinstein -- who was sentenced to 23 years in prison for the rape and sex abuse of two women -- says the suit should be tossed out anyway since `` The CVA is unconstitutional , '' Ansari said in the court documents . The Child Victims Act was passed in February of 2019 , after several years in limbo thanks to a few powerful opponents , the Catholic Church and the Boy Scouts of America among them . Sokola 's lawyer , Kevin Mintzer , told the Post that `` Mr. Weinstein 's claim that the Child Victims Act is unconstitutional is wrong and has already been rejected in court . `` His attack on Ms. Sokola is disgusting and has as much credibility as everything else he says : none at all . We look forward to holding him accountable in this case , as well his corporate enablers . '' Weinstein is currently serving a 23-year sentence in upstate New York , and still faces a criminal case in LA for allegedly raping and assaulting three women there .", "url": "https://jezebel.com/now-harvey-weinstein-is-fighting-a-law-that-protects-ch-1844757098", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.895516037940979}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.895516037940979}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2801490849774964, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgBkFIp", "stitle": "Jim Belushi Opens Up About His New Career High in the Cannabis Industry", "seg_title_stem": "Jim Belushi open up about he New Career High in the Cannabis industry", "seg_content": "Learn more about his upcoming Discovery show , GROWING BELUSHI , from Jim Belushi himself in this exclusive interview with Discovery.com With an entertainment career spanning more than 40 years , Jim Belushi has carved an acclaimed career as an actor , comedian , singer , and dancer . But there 's a side of him many fans do n't know about -- his work as a legal cannabis farmer . In honor of his upcoming Discovery show , GROWING BELUSHI , Belushi spoke with Discovery.com about his career , advocacy , and the impact marijuana has made on his life both personally and professionally . Discovery -LRB- D -RRB- : What made you want to go into the legal cannabis industry and when did you establish Belushi 's Farm ? Jim Belushi -LRB- JB -RRB- : I established Belushi 's Farm in 2015 , in the middle of the Banana Belt in Southern Oregon . The Banana Belt is a geographic handprint shaped like a banana leaf , where it is the perfect storm of air , sun , water , and temperatures to produce the best pears , grapes , and cannabis . I had thirteen acres on the Rogue River , a beautiful , spiritual spot between Mt. McLaughlin and across the river from Table Rock . The property behind me was an 80-acre farm owned by Becca , who I became very close with . She became like a sister to me . I loved her deeply . Unfortunately , she became ill and slowly and tragically passed away . Her wish was for me to buy the property , so I did . I had 80 acres of land ... what am I going to do with it ? Grow hay ? Alfalfa ? Raise cattle ? And that year , cannabis became legal in Oregon and I thought , what the hell , it 's the new agriculture of Oregon . D : When did you first realize the medicinal and psychological benefits of cannabis ? JB : I was on the West coast of Oregon in Coos Bay at a dispensary visit . There were many people lined up . I always try to shake everybody 's hand before I get into the dispensary for our formal sales , photos , and signatures . There was a skinny gentleman with long hair and deep blue eyes who stared right through me to my soul . I said , `` Are you alright ? '' and he said , `` I was a medic in Iraq and I saw things that happened to the human body that nobody in their lives should ever witness . They tell me I have triple PTSD , whatever that means . They prescribed all kinds of heavy drugs . I got off them , but I struggled with talking to my wife and my children and I could n't sleep . Your Black Diamond OG is the only strain that allows me to talk to my wife , my children , and to sleep . '' That was the moment when my heart opened , and my eyes were available to see all the veterans and people who have suffered . And there are many , many stories , including my own . For the PTSD that I suffered from my brother 's own drug overdose , the small microdosing that I do of cannabis helps my nerves and continues to open my consciousness to healing . D : Has your career in the entertainment industry helped you in this venture ? JB : I love the magic of acting on stage , singing in front of an audience with The Blues Brothers , movies , television , directing . And I enjoy the magic of agriculture on Belushi 's Farm . We always bring forward all our knowledge into each thing we do , so it was natural for me to bring a camera to the farm and discover a show around it -- a show that will help educate , inform , delight , and heal . It was a natural blend of two different worlds for me . D : Can you tell us about your involvement with The Last Prisoner Project and your work in marijuana law reform and ending cannabis criminalization ? JB : There are 40,000 cannabis prisoners in the US alone who have been incarcerated for doing something that is no longer a crime in many states , and something that thousands of others are legally profiting from by doing the same actions that got these people convicted . Communities of color are subject to disproportionate marijuana enforcement practices . Everybody now has the privilege to sell and consume cannabis legally and we have an opportunity to make sure that every single cannabis prisoner is released . Last Prisoner Project is working on clemency , reentry , and advocacy . D : What is GROWING BELUSHI about and what inspired you to make it ? JB : It 's called GROWING BELUSHI , it 's not called GROWING POT . It 's about many things . It 's very layered . Of course , we go through the process of growing cannabis , from the soil to the perfect pH in the water to the nutrients , the feeding , the pruning , the harvesting , curing , trimming , selling , marketing , and the healing . The show is also about the difficulties and the challenges with everything that cannabis brings : legal compliance , tax laws , business , testing , and of course safety . D : What 's your favorite strain or type of Belushi 's Farm cannabis ? JB : My favorite cultivar is Cherry Pie , which has become our most popular . I like it because the THC content is 18-19 % . It has a little CBD in it . And it has 3-4 % terpenes , which are the flavoring and taste . These three elements together because what is called an entourage effect . There 's no anxiety or paranoia . It 's just a very chill , friendly experience . I like it because I can still be social , articulate , and -- my wife says -- charming . I call it `` The Marriage Counselor . '' D : What do you want Discovery audiences to get out of GROWING BELUSHI ? JB : An understanding of the safety and wellness aspects of cannabis . Cannabis helps with Alzheimer 's , seizures , headaches , psychological disorders , PTSD , chronic pain , cancer , Parkinson 's , backaches , and headaches . It also stimulates creativity , enhances the sounds of music and the tastes of food and the touch of your lover 's skin . It brings a feeling of joyfulness , euphoria , generosity of spirit , and kindness . Do n't forget to catch GROWING BELUSHI Wednesday , August 19 at 10P , and keep up with the show by following #GrowingBelushi on social media . To learn more about Belushi 's Farm , visit its official website .", "url": "https://www.discovery.com/shows/growing-belushi/articles/jim-belushi-opens-up-about-his-new-career-high-in-the-cannabis-i", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11535087119780223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgBoIoA", "stitle": "Weed Vending Machines Are Being Rolled Out In America", "seg_title_stem": "weed Vending Machines be be roll out in America", "seg_content": "Several weed vending machines have started popping up in Colorado to help buyers get their products quickly . People who have visited marijuana dispensaries in America will know the buying process is n't fast if you do n't know exactly what you want . Sellers usually like to give shoppers a good run through of all the products so they can walk away with exactly the right bud , oil or edible . This can sometimes lead to hours-long queues , which is hardly what you want when you just want to duck in and out of a store . That 's why the Anna weed vending machine is being distributed to help buyers get their product quickly . According to The Denver Post , four ` tricked out vending machines ' have been launched inside the Strawberry Fields dispensary in central Pueblo . They 're set to debut at another dispensary in Colorado - Starbuds in Aurora - later this year . The company plans to launch in Massachusetts next month and open more stores in Colorado . By 2021 , it aims to have stores in Nevada , California and Canada too . Anna founder and CEO Matt Frost told the Colorado newspaper this new machine will hopefully cut down wait times for people who know what they want . He said : `` There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . `` They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand holding and want that education from a live person . `` With Covid and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . '' Because the machines are installed inside a dispensary , it will stop underage people from getting access to the quick weed . You still have to show ID and check in to use the vending machine . But once you 're in , you can browse through the offerings on the 27-inch screen and peruse until your heart 's content . Once you find what you 're looking for , the machine will dig into its inventory and deliver what you desire . The whole process only takes a couple of seconds and the Anna vending machine can hold up to 2,000 products . You can even pre-order on the app and pick up your bud even quicker . Matt Frost hopes to expand the machines to have edibles and CBD products in the future , but he needs to see how they perform in the Colorado and Massachusetts markets . He added : `` The partnership that we 're about to strike I have to keep under wraps for now , but -LSB- it 's -RSB- a very significant CBD distribution opportunity that we 're excited about . I think you 'll be seeing this rollout absolutely in the fall . ''", "url": "https://www.ladbible.com/news/latest-weed-vending-machines-are-being-rolled-out-in-america-20200818", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04002591560370339, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgCMIjr", "stitle": "Recent violent attacks on Las Vegas Strip cause concern", "seg_title_stem": "recent violent attack on Las Vegas Strip cause concern", "seg_content": "LAS VEGAS -LRB- KSNV -RRB- -- A shooting , a stabbing , and an attempted robbery . That 's just the latest in a string of violent crimes on the Las Vegas Strip . Just two months after resorts reopened following the COVID-19 shutdown , police are seeing a trend in where crime is now occurring . `` We 're kind of in an unprecedented time , '' says Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department captain Dori Koren of the Convention Center Area Command . `` We have a lot of closures that are likely affecting where people would normally congregate . What we 're seeing across the valley , not just on Las Vegas Boulevard , is small to large parties that are being held privately , and those parties are leading to violence and other issues . '' Captain Koren says this past weekend was especially challenging . One man is in critical condition after a stabbing at the Venetian Hotel . A bystander was shot in the knee at the Welcome to Las Vegas sign , as two groups of people argued over who 's turn it was to take a picture . The violence continued Monday morning , with an attempted robbery in the Venetian casino-hotel parking garage . In that case , a gun has already been recovered . `` Even this past weekend all of the violent crimes we 've experienced , we 've either arrested the perpetrator or are close to doing so , '' says Koren . He adds between his department , hotel security , and numerous cameras up and down the Strip , Las Vegas Boulevard is a bad place to try to commit a violent crime . The chances of getting caught , are high . As for public perception , those we talked to say it 's all about being aware of your surroundings . `` Growing up in the metro Detroit area it was just making sure you have your purse in front of you , not behind you , simple things like that , '' says visitor Victoria Rose . `` Those are things I do in any major city . ''", "url": "https://news3lv.com/news/local/recent-violent-attacks-on-las-vegas-strip-cause-concern", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9996945858001709}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9996945858001709}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3261107488983748, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1, 'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgCXsgM", "stitle": "If You See Naked People on Bikes This Weekend , Here 's Why", "seg_title_stem": "if you see naked people on bike this Weekend , here 's why", "seg_content": "On Saturday , August 22 , there 's a chance you might see someone riding their bike around naked . As strange as it sounds , there 's decent reasoning behind it and it 's quite brilliant . Although bicycle-related accidents are on the decline , there are still thousands of injuries and even deaths every year that involve bicycles in traffic . According to People Powered Movement , statistics show that Boston is the second-most safest city in the country to ride a bike . If you ask me , that 's pretty impressive considering how busy Boston is on the daily , but the data shows that Boston is doing something right . Perhaps Albuquerque , New Mexico could use a tip or two considering it has been ranked as the most dangerous city in the nation to ride a bike . So what do these stats have to do with riding a bike naked ? I 'll answer with a question . Are you more likely to pay attention to someone riding a bike on the road naked or with clothes ? Hopefully , the answer is both , but on World Naked Bike Ride Day , the whole point of riding in the buff is to bring awareness to bike riders who share the road . Although the idea behind the international day is more of a global protest against oil dependency , the folks up in Montpelier are focusing on bike/pedestrian safety with a slogan - `` Do You See Us Now ? '' as well as car culture around the world . The question is , would you be willing to strip down for a good cause ? I know I 'm willing to join , I just need a bike .", "url": "https://fun107.com/if-you-see-naked-people-on-bikes-this-weekend-heres-why/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9999681711196899}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Cycling": 0.9999681711196899}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.049118294580945646, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgCggVn", "stitle": "ET Senior Golf Association : Eagle 's Bluff CC 's Dick Stone wins at The Cascades", "seg_title_stem": "ET Senior Golf Association : Eagle 's Bluff cc 's Dick Stone win at the cascade", "seg_content": "Dick Stone is 3-for-3 on the East Texas Senior Golf Association Tour . Stone was the only golfer under par -- firing 1-under 70 -- on Monday at Tyler 's The Cascades Golf & Country Club to win Flight 1 . The Eagle 's Bluff Country Club resident and former mayor of Jacksonville was participating in his third ET Senior circuit event . The tour is for golfers 50 and over . Stone recently won tournaments at The Pinnacle in Mabank with a 74 and last week at The Tempest Club in Gladewater with a 71 . Following Stone in Flight 1 on Monday were a trio at 74 -- Randy Moore , Michael Wharton and Rodney Gordon . Gordon won Flight 1 net with a 65 . Other winners were : Flight 2 -LRB- Gross : Charles Groce , 75 ; Net : Tom Johnson , 64 -RRB- ; Flight 3 -LRB- Gross : Robert Williams , 82 ; Net : Monte Hale , 63 -RRB- and Flight 4 -LRB- Gross : Gordon Roberts , 83 ; Net : James Novy , 67 -RRB- . The tour continues Tuesday , Sept. 8 with a stop at Eagle 's Bluff Country Club in Bullard . Other scheduled tournaments include : Sept. 28 at Tyler 's Pine Springs Golf Course and Oct. 19 at Longview 's Oak Forest Country Club . For more information or to participate contact Don Morgan -LRB- 903-746-6051 -RRB- or go to the East Texas Senior Golf Association Facebook page . -- -- -- East Texas Senior Golf Association Tour Date : Aug. 17 The Cascades Golf & Country Club , Tyler Flight 1 -- Gross : 1 , Dick Stone , 70 ; 2 , -LRB- tie -RRB- Randy Moore , 74 ; Michael Wharton , 74 ; Rodney Gordon , 74 ; 5 , Raymond Hawkins , 75 ; 6 , Mike Campbell , 76 ; 7 , Jeff Seal , 77 ; 8 , -LRB- tie -RRB- Mike Alcorn , 79 ; Don Morgan , 79 ; Curtis Kolbe , 79 ; 11 , -LRB- tie -RRB- Darrell Chase , 80 ; Tim Storm , 80 . Net : 1 , Rodney Gordon , 65 . Flight 2 -- Gross : 1 , Charles Groce , 75 ; 2 , Ken Yarbrough , 79 ; 3 , Gary Jacobs , 80 ; 4 , Tom Johnson , 82 ; 4 , Lane Liddell , 83 ; 5 , -LRB- tie -RRB- Lonnie Hopkins , 84 ; Paul Stone , 84 ; Vance Slough , 84 ; 8 , David Weaver , 85 ; 9 , Don Moore , 89 ; E.J. Whitton , 89 ; 11 , -LRB- tie -RRB- Jon Bass , 92 ; Mike Murphy , 92 . Net : 1 , Tom Johnson , 64 . Flight 3 -- Gross : 1 , Robert Williams , 82 ; 2 , Monte Hale , 82 ; 3 , Dick McDaniel , 84 ; 4 , Jerome Smith , 87 ; 5 , Bill Hennon , 88 ; 6 , -LRB- tie -RRB- Paul Josephson , 89 ; Ray Griffith , 89 ; Norm Walton , 89 ; 9 , Dave Sutton , 90 ; 10 , Tom Bush , 92 ; 11 , Grady Williams , 94 . Net : 1 , Monte Hale , 63 . Fight 4 -- Gross : 1 , Gordon Roberts , 83 ; 2 , -LRB- tie -RRB- William Johnson , 92 ; James Novy , 92 ; 4 , -LRB- tie -RRB- Jim Dubois , 93 ; Louis Napolitano , 93 ; 6 , Bill Supan , 95 ; Graham Malin , 95 ; Danny Pierce , 95 ; 9 , Max Chandler , 101 ; 10 , -LRB- tie -RRB- Terry Anthony , 107 ; Bob Calbert , 107 . Net : 1 , James Novy , 67 .", "url": "https://tylerpaper.com/sports/et-senior-golf-association-eagles-bluff-ccs-dick-stone-wins-at-the-cascades/article_3f71032e-e0e7-11ea-b7f9-479f96f2522b.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Golf": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009379162610398372, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgCmWzV", "stitle": "Denfeld Hall of Famer Dick Swanson Dies After Battle With Cancer", "seg_title_stem": "Denfeld Hall of Famer Dick Swanson die after battle with cancer", "seg_content": "DULUTH , Minn. -- Sad news to report as longtime Denfeld softball coach Richard Swanson passed away Sunday night after a battle with cancer . Swanson had been coaching the Hunters since 1988 , recording over 300 wins . He stepped down recently to focus on his fight against liver and pancreatic cancer . Swanson was inducted into the Denfeld Hall of Fame in 2016 , and also coached football and girls basketball . Swanson was 71 years old .", "url": "https://www.fox21online.com/2020/08/17/denfeld-hall-of-famer-dick-swanson-dies-after-battle-with-cancer/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05429391989160982, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgDiyeY", "stitle": "More than two dozen registered sex offenders arrested for improper online activity in Highlands County", "seg_title_stem": "more than two dozen register sex offender arrest for improper online activity in Highlands County", "seg_content": "SEBRING , FLa. - More than two dozen registered sex offenders in Highlands County were arrested for using online accounts , according to the sheriff 's office Special Victims Unit . The Highlands County Sheriff 's Office launched Operation Disconnect only one week ago and already caught 26 registered sex offenders who were either banned from having internet access at all or who failed to report their internet usage to the sheriff 's office , as part of their probation . Each failure to report is a felony offense . The investigation also revealed several subjects with active warrants in Special Victims Unit cases . The Highlands County Sheriff 's Office said Operation Disconnect is ongoing and `` any sexual offenders or predators who think they may have some things on their registrations they need to clear up should come see us before we come find you . '' Sex offenders are required to report , in person , to the sheriff 's office in the county where they live to register and must update their home or temporary address , phone number -LRB- s -RRB- , email address -LRB- es -RRB- , online identifiers or aliases , employment , vehicle , school , and travel , as well as scars , marks and tattoos . Arrests include : Frank Allen Baxter , 61 , 51 counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation James R. Whittemore , Sr. , 65 , sexual offender registration violation Robert Adam Warren , 32 , 37 counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Yair Manual Vegas , 21 , eight counts sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Kevin Leroy Rice , 60 , sexual offender registration violation , absconded sex offender from Texas Quindre Randolph , 35 , warrant for three counts of sexual battery on a victim under 12 Ricky Lynn Mattox , 60 , 51 counts of sexual predator registration violation , violation of probation Paul Roy Peters , 33 , 10 counts of sexual offender registration violation , on federal probation Timothy Lee Pearson , 32 , 70 counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Wiliam Eugene Martin , 29 , warrant for five counts of possession of child pornography Jeffrey Harold Parsons , 56 , 17 counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Magdaleno Malagon-Villegas , 49 , warrant for one count of sexual offender registration violation William Jerome Crumity , 63 , seven counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Andrew Tyrone Crump , 50 , violation of probation Prince Phillip Cody , 49 , warrant for one count of sexual offender registration violation David Bruce Cerling , 50 , 55 counts of sexual offender registration violation Stanley Kent Heuerman , 61 , 83 counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation William Michael Goodhue , 52 , warrant for felony domestic battery Christopher D. Friend , 27 , two counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Michael Ortiz , 53 , 12 counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Jefferson D. Scales , III , 54 , 33 counts of sexual offender registration violation , on federal probation Timothy Earl Barber , 52 , 17 counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Alton Dale Wiliams , 54 , absconded sex offender from Texas Gabriel H. Gutierrez , Jr. , 50 , 55 counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Paul Francis Federico , 64 , 30 counts of sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Jonathan Lugo , 35 , sexual offender registration violation , violation of probation Anyone with information about a sexual predator or predatory behavior is asked to contact the Highlands County Sheriff 's Office at detectives@highlandssheriff.org or 863-402-7357 . OUtside of Highlands County , tips may be submitted to Crime Stoppers .", "url": "https://www.fox13news.com/news/more-than-two-dozen-registered-sex-offenders-arrested-for-improper-online-activity-in-highlands-county", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9926932454109192, "CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9926932454109192, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.18452268532411886, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'peeing': 1, 'fucking': 1}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1, 'ass': 1, 'damn': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgDjTRw", "stitle": "` Below Deck Med ' Midseason Trailer : See All The Tantrums , Jellyfish Stings , and Butt Grazing -LSB- EXCLUSIVE -RSB-", "seg_title_stem": "` below Deck Med ' Midseason Trailer : see all the Tantrums , Jellyfish Stings , and Butt grazing -lsb- exclusive -rsb-", "seg_content": "There are still 8 -LRB- eight ! -RRB- episodes left in this season of Below Deck Mediterranean if you can even believe it -LRB- remember Lara ? lol -RRB- . And the new midseason trailer , which premiered after tonight 's major episode promises even more drama on the way -- including a very controversial butt graze , apparently ! The trailer opens with Captain Sandy giving a speech to the crew -- and we even hear her voice break . `` This is yachting , folks . It 's emotional , it 's tiring . It 's about a team . I want us to be champions , not at each other 's throat , but there 's a line . I 'm your Captain . I ca n't do insubordination , '' she tells the group while clearly fighting back tears . Plus , this group is about to change yet again . `` Our new stew seems nice , '' Malia is heard commenting as the new mystery gal makes her way down the dock . The trailer also promises deckhand Alex showing off his belly dancing skills and the return of baseball legend and party champion Johnny Damon -- who even appears to get stung by a jellyfish and subsequently requests a certain bosun to do the honors of peeing on it . Facepalm . And then we get to graze-gate . Footage is shown of a group picture being taken from behind and a female 's hand lingering over Rob 's butt , because we then hear Jess say , `` I guess when I 'm in a relationship it 's not a free-for-all for everybody to grab everything , '' and also telling Rob -LRB- while likely showing him the evidence on her phone -RRB- , `` I 'm gon na punch her in the fucking face if she touches your ass again . '' Yikes ! And that 's not the only strong language to come . Chef Tom is seen telling his girlfriend Malia , `` I 'm fucking done , I can not do it , '' and later having a confrontation with Captain Sandy -- well , she has one with him at least . Oh , and she has one with Malia too , telling her , `` Stay out of the galley , stay away from him , '' but when Malia says Tom 's threatening to walk off the boat , Captain Sandy says to let him . Damn ! Alex and Bugsy make out , she falls on the ground , the group takes shots , the yacht tries to fit into a teeny tiny space -- but how will they fit all of this into only eight more episodes ? Guess we 'll have to watch and find out . Below Deck Mediterranean airs Monday at 9pm ET/PT on Bravo .", "url": "https://decider.com/2020/08/17/below-deck-mediterranean-season-5-midseason-trailer/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006776093496555771, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgDzuW5", "stitle": "Evacuations ordered as 25 wildfires burn in Butte County", "seg_title_stem": "evacuation order as 25 wildfire burn in Butte County", "seg_content": "BUTTE VALLEY , Calif. -- Evacuations remain in Butte County as crews battle 25 different wildfires burning in the region . The fires were ignited by lightning Monday near Potters Ravine Drive and Oregon Gulch Road , northeast of Oroville , Cal Fire said . As of 2:17 p.m. Tuesday , the fires have consumed an estimated 1,500 acres with 10 % containment . Mandatory evacuations are in place for residents on the north side of Orange Avenue to Long Bar Road , as well as for residents north of Long Bar Road to Feather River . Orders are in place for Potters Ravine Drive and Oregon Gulch Road , west to Cherokee Road and all roads in-between , south to the Feather River . This content is imported from Twitter . You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site . The EVACUATION WARNING has been upgraded to an EVACUATION ORDER for residents living on the north side of ORANGE AVENUE from the roundabout to LONG BAR ROAD to include residents on the north side of LONG BAR ROAD all the way to the FEATHER RIVER . 8.17.20 6:02 pm . #PottersFire pic.twitter.com/xffXcT5OSW -- Butte County Sheriff -LRB- @ButteSheriff -RRB- August 18 , 2020 A temporary evacuation center has been set up at the Church of the Nazarene parking lot at 2238 Monte Vista Avenue in Oroville . The fires , called the Butte Lightning Complex , include 25 different blazes . The largest is the Potters Fire , which is 700 acres with zero containment . A fire burning near Forest Ranch and Doe Mill is 330 acres with zero containment , Cal Fire said . The rest of the fires are less than 12 acres . `` All fires have been located but we are still discovering smokes , '' Cal Fire said in a tweet . `` Resources have been ordered to assist . '' This content is imported from Twitter . You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site . Butte Lightning Complex -LSB- update -RSB- 26 fires in the unit , largest is #Pottersfire , 800 acres 0 % contained . 2-24 -LRB- Forest Ranch/Doe Mill -RRB- 330 acres 0 % contained . All fires have been located but we are still discovering smokes . Resources have been ordered to assist . -- CAL FIRE Butte Unit/Butte County Fire Department -LRB- @CALFIRE_ButteCo -RRB- August 18 , 2020 This is a developing story . Stay with KCRA 3 for the latest .", "url": "https://www.kcra.com/article/evacuations-in-place-as-wildfires-burn-in-butte-county/33628627", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.5727313620873363, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bondage': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgEUTLY", "stitle": "34 Central Valley Men Arrested For Meeting `` Minors '' For Sex During Undercover Operation `` COVID Chat Down ''", "seg_title_stem": "34 Central Valley Men arrest for meet `` Minors '' for sex during Undercover Operation `` COVID Chat Down ''", "seg_content": "From July 20th to August 2nd , the Central California Internet Crimes Against Children -LRB- ICAC -RRB- Task Force , which is comprised 64 federal , state , and local law enforcement agencies spread throughout nine counties in the Central Valley , arrested 34 Central Valley men for various charges related to arranging a meeting with minors for sex . Posing as 12 and 13-year old boy and girls , adult detectives used online apps to converse with men . The conversations would turn sexual in nature with the suspects using sexually explicit language and sending graphic photos . Once the suspect requested to meet the `` child '' in person , detectives would arrest the suspect at the meet-up location . Among those arrested was 55-year old Thomas Binford of Clovis . Binford 's arrest history includes an arrest for sexually assaulting a child . He is required to register as a sex offender . In addition to this arrest for trying to meet with a child for sex , Binford was found in possession of child pornography which included images of infant bondage and infant rape . Another man arrested had intentions to have unprotected sex with who he thought was a 13-year old girl . He reported to detectives he is HIV positive . Operation `` COVID Chat Down '' remains active , meaning more arrests could be made . No actual children were ever involved in this operation .", "url": "http://www.crimevoice.com/2020/08/17/chat-down/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10622927529811359, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgEaCRL", "stitle": "Shreveport man pleads guilty to sex crimes", "seg_title_stem": "Shreveport man plead guilty to sex crime", "seg_content": "SHREVEPORT , La. - A 64-year-old Shreveport man pleaded guilty Monday in Caddo Parish District Court to two counts of molestation of a juvenile . Eddie Lee was sentenced to 21 years for each count , and his first five years are to be served without chance of probation , parole or sentence suspension . Lane must also register as a sex offender for life . Lane 's female victims were under the age of 13 at the time of some offenses . Assault incidents date as far back as 2006 . For one of the victims , the assaults happened over the course of several years . The victims delayed reporting their assaults . The victims were also in court on Monday , ready to testify .", "url": "https://www.ktbs.com/news/shreveport-man-pleads-guilty-to-sex-crimes/article_3b77ab3c-e0f7-11ea-8326-7b56550fe735.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8735987498949782, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgEeRIA", "stitle": "Phaedra Parks Sizzles in a Curve-Hugging Red Dress and Velvet Fascinator", "seg_title_stem": "Phaedra Parks Sizzles in a Curve-Hugging Red Dress and Velvet Fascinator", "seg_content": "If there 's anyone who can rock all red with ease , it 's Phaedra Parks . This past weekend , The Real Housewives of Atlanta alum attended a virtual ball , and she gave everyone a lesson on how to slay in scarlet . Phaedra showed out in a super sexy ensemble curated by celebrity stylist Fiskani Kaira . The attorney sported a crimson skintight spaghetti strap dress featuring a plunging neckline and a thigh-high slit , which she accessorized with a red boa , a similar-hued velvet , wide brim fascinator , and sparkly drop earrings . She topped off her look with sleek blonde strands and a fierce glam beat featuring a super sharp cat eye by makeup artist Nachera `` Cherry '' Smith . The lewk was very Jessica Rabbit meets house ball culture couture meets modern-day southern belle -- and just absolute perfection . Even from home , Phaedra never disappoints . View this post on Instagram Join me live right now with @milanchristopher BIGO Virtual Ball : https://bigolive.onelink.me/sG8X/phaedraparks @fiskanistyle @makeupmadnessbycherry A post shared by PHAEDRA -LRB- @phaedraparks -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 4:52 pm PDT", "url": "https://www.bravotv.com/the-real-housewives-of-atlanta/style-living/phaedra-parks-wears-sexy-red-dress-matching-hat", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.028306772164298968, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgEw5Yt", "stitle": "Her father died from coronavirus . She turned his obituary into a powerful message .", "seg_title_stem": "she father die from coronavirus . she turn he obituary into a powerful message .", "seg_content": "After her father died from COVID-19 , 39-year-old Kristin Urquiza used his obituary to call on state and federal government for a better response to the global pandemic . The message quickly went viral . Urquiza told TODAY that her father , Arizona resident Mark Urquiza , was just 65 with no known pre-existing conditions when he contracted the virus ; her mother also fell ill , but has not been experiencing severe symptoms . Mark passed away on June 30 , three weeks after initially contracting the virus . Urquiza said that she channeled her `` rage and sorrow '' into her father 's obituary , which was published on July 8 . `` Mark , like so many others , should not have died from COVID-19 , '' reads the obituary 's third paragraph . `` His death is due to the carelessness of the politicians who continue to jeopardize the health of brown bodies through a clear lack of leadership , refusal to acknowledge the severity of this crisis , and inability and unwillingness to give clear and decisive direction on how to minimize risk . '' Yes , I 'm boiled over . Thanks for sharing my dads obit . @MarkedByCovid https://t.co/HEieuEcwKM -- Kristin Urquiza -LRB- @kdurquiza -RRB- July 9 , 2020 `` I feel as if my father was robbed , that his death was preventable and that if I did n't speak up , who would ? '' Urquiza told TODAY . `` It was n't even a question that I would write an honest obituary about my dad , because he deserved better and his life mattered . '' On Aug. 17 , Urquiza appeared by video at the Democratic National Convention . She repeated her concerns about the country 's leadership . `` My dad was a healthy 65-year-old . His only pre-existing condition was trusting Donald Trump , '' she said , forcefully . `` And for that , he paid with his life . '' `` The coronavirus has made it clear that there are two Americas : the America that Donald Trump lives in , and the America that my father died in . '' #DemConvention pic.twitter.com/CwYr5RXfcD -- 2020 #DemConvention -LRB- @DemConvention -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Urquiza and her partner , Christine Keeves , are developing an `` awareness campaign '' called Marked by COVID . Their goal is to help `` fewer families ... endure this , '' according to the obituary . Even though her father only passed away a few days ago , Urquiza said that the campaign is already gaining traction , spurred on by social media attention and appearances on NBC News NOW and CNN . `` I did n't set out to do this , '' Urquiza said . `` I think it 's important that when our leaders fail us , we turn to awareness and advocating ... This , to me , just made sense -LRB- as a way -RRB- to process and to help others . '' She said that she was taking inspiration from the AIDS Memorial Quilt , which serves as a `` reminder of the names and faces behind the statistics '' of that pandemic . `` The idea of Marked by COVID -- which , Mark was my dad 's name , so it 's a nod to him -- is a space where people can come forward and share their stories , '' Urquiza said . `` There 's millions of people across the country who have been affected , and the numbers of lives lost are rising . I 'm afraid we 're going to get too caught up in these numbers and lose the human aspect . '' In another letter , this one written to Arizona governor Doug Ducey , who earlier in the pandemic did not permit local governments to issue their own restrictions regarding the coronavirus , Urquiza invited him to her father 's funeral . `` He was one of the 88 Arizonians who died on June 30 , 2020 from COVID-19 , '' Urquiza wrote . `` Despite having a huge family and many friends he died alone , with an ICU nurse holding his hand . '' It broke my heart to write it . #MarkedByCovid @MarkedByCovid https://t.co/h3yimIIWSx -- Kristin Urquiza -LRB- @kdurquiza -RRB- July 9 , 2020 `` I penned that letter because I wanted to make a direct contact with the person that I find responsible for not only the preventable death of my father but preventable deaths that have happened before and since then , '' Urquiza told TODAY , adding that she had not received a response from the governor or his office . '' -LRB- Governor Ducey -RRB- was late to close , he was early to open , and as late as early June was downplaying the severity of the pandemic and encouraging people to go out , go shopping , go to a restaurant , and that 's the same time my dad caught COVID-19 . '' Urquiza said that she believes the viral response to her obituary and campaign speaks to the national mood surrounding the pandemic as cases of the virus begin to surge again . `` I think it communicates that there is a hunger for us to take this pandemic more seriously , '' she said . `` People are fed up . I 've gotten an overwhelming amount of support through social media channels . One of my favorite things is people on social media telling their children if they should die from COVID-19 , that their obituaries be just as powerful as -LRB- my father 's -RRB- . '' Seriously , #HonestObit could be a powerful movement . #MarkedByCovid https://t.co/2t1PQYnPgO -- Marked By Covid -LRB- @MarkedByCovid -RRB- July 10 , 2020 `` It 's been a much larger response than I set out to necessarily make , but I 'm also not surprised , '' she continued . '' -LRB- Politicians -RRB- have been downplaying the virus . They 've been sending mixed messages , and I think Americans are fed up with terrible leadership . They want our leaders to prioritize public health , to prioritize making sure that our families are not sick . They want changes to happen . I 'm inspired by that , and it really is oxygen to fuel my resolve to make a difference . '' UPDATE -LRB- Aug. 17 , 2020 -RRB- : This story has been updated to reflect Urquiza 's appearance at the 2020 Democratic National Convention .", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/tv/celebrity/her-father-died-from-coronavirus-she-turned-his-obituary-into-a-powerful-message/ar-BB16BdtX", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.985023558139801}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.985023558139801}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0039839483724246, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgGM4Ss", "stitle": "City Green Lights Recreational Marijuana Businesses", "seg_title_stem": "City Green Lights Recreational Marijuana business", "seg_content": "After more than a year-and-a-half of deliberation , Traverse City commissioners approved new rules Monday allowing recreational marijuana businesses to open in the city . The rules , which take effect August 27 , will allow up to four retail dispensaries to operate in city limits -- with an application window soon opening that is likely to draw fierce competition for the valuable permits . Though Michigan voters made it legal for residents to possess , use , and grow recreational marijuana back in 2018 , communities in the state retained the right to allow or ban cannabis businesses . Traverse City was one of several communities that passed a temporary ban on recreational businesses at the end of 2018 , citing a desire to wait and see what regulations the state would issue and write their own local ordinances to match . Traverse City leaders have been working on draft rules ever since , a process that was extended by the pandemic . After further honing language this summer , commissioners voted unanimously Monday to allow unlimited growing , processing , secure transportation , safety compliance facility , and event organizing businesses in the city , and up to two microbusinesses : small , vertically integrated businesses that are limited to 150 plants and have a combination of operations on-site , similar to a microbrewery . On-site consumption will not be allowed at any businesses in Traverse City , and temporary marijuana events are also prohibited . From both a consumer and business owner perspective , however , anticipation has primarily focused on retail dispensaries -- how many will be allowed and where , and when residents can reasonably expect to be able to walk into a local business and purchase recreational marijuana . Commissioners initially considered allowing six retail stores but eventually settled on four , citing a desire to see how the rollout goes and consider expansion later . Staff noted it can be difficult to start with a large number of available permits and then scale back ; a recent city decision to cap the city 's number of medical dispensary permits at 12 after initially allowing 13 prompted a lawsuit from a business owner that 's still playing out in court . A maximum of two of the four new recreational retail stores can be located in downtown Traverse City , though the businesses must be at least 1,500 feet apart and not located in the main Front Street area . As with medical marijuana businesses , recreational business applicants will need to pay a $ 5,000 fee when applying to the city , as well as $ 5,000 for the annual renewal of permits . While Traverse City 's medical dispensary permits were awarded by lottery , recreational retail permits will be distributed through a merit-based system that uses a scoring matrix to award a maximum of 79 points to applicants in categories like experience -LRB- such as business background and history with the city -RRB- , land use , infrastructure , and communication , among other categories . Applicants must receive at least 60 points to qualify for a retail dispensary permit , with some category metrics graded by the city 's clerk office and others by the city 's planning department . With 12 medical dispensaries already operating in the city -- and a majority of those businesses ' owners signaling their intent to apply for recreational permits -- plus others likely drawn to the lucrative recreational market , City Clerk Benjamin Marentette says competition will likely be fierce for the four retail permits . `` The reason we received so many medical marijuana provisioning center applications was because many of them were wanting to provide recreational marijuana , '' Marentette tells The Ticker . `` We have folks already asking to turn in their applications now , but we 're not accepting them yet . '' Existing medical dispensary owners will receive extra points under the recreational scoring matrix , but otherwise have no guarantees when applying for recreational permits . To keep the process as fair as possible , Marentette says his office will announce a day when the application period will open -- likely in the next few weeks -- and then have a defined application window when all applicants can turn in their paperwork -LRB- likely 30-45 days -RRB- . There are no particular advantages for applying early under the process -- since applications will be evaluated based on merit -- other than ensuring all paperwork is in order and that applicants have time to address any questions before the deadline . Staff will then review all applications en masse , with up to four permits issued to the top qualified applicants . A lottery drawing will be used to break any tie . The application and review process means `` it 's going to be a few months I think before anybody sees any permits actually being issued , '' Marentette told commissioners , adding that the city wants `` to make sure we do a good job of vetting these -LRB- applications -RRB- . '' Other types of recreational businesses should have faster turnaround time on their permits , as the city clerk noted those application processes are not as involved as retail stores . Mayor Pro Tem Amy Shamroe pointed out that city staff were facing significant workloads preparing for the upcoming presidential election and encouraged employees to take the time needed to thoughtfully review applications . `` I know this is something people have been really waiting for , and we 've spent a lot of time getting there , but I also would hate to see your office extremely overworked between a very important election coming up ... and leaving yourselves time to prioritize that as well as these applications , '' Shamroe told Marentette . `` I trust you all to pace what you need . '' Marentette thanked commissioners and agreed , saying his office plans to focus on `` quality over quantity '' when it comes to reviewing recreational applications .", "url": "https://www.traverseticker.com/news/city-green-lights-recreational-marijuana-businesses/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9937872886657715}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9937872886657715}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.960111207003919, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1, 'curvy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgGeVp2", "stitle": "Eva Longoria , 45 , Flaunts Fantastic Figure In A Tight White Swimsuit While Posing On A Yacht : ` All Aboard '", "seg_title_stem": "Eva Longoria , 45 , flaunt fantastic figure in a tight White Swimsuit while pose on a Yacht : ` all aboard '", "seg_content": "Eva Longoria slipped back into a swimsuit over the weekend to enjoy a relaxing day out on a yacht . The actress certainly captivated the attention of many fans with a snap from the Sunday afternoon outing shared to her Instagram page . In the August 16 photo , Eva was standing on a small staircase on a large , white boat while grasping a rope handle with one hand and shading her eyes with the other . She appeared to be in the midst of taking the last step down to the main deck when she stopped to admire the stunning beach view around her , which her 7.9 million followers could also get a peek of in the shot . The scene was nothing short of breathtaking , but it was the 45-year-old herself that truly took center stage as she showcased her fantastic figure in a sexy one-piece that perfectly suited her famous curves . The Desperate Housewives star looked stunning in a white swimsuit from Myra Swim that clung tightly to her body , drawing attention her trim waist , flat midsection , and ample chest . The piece had a high neckline and featured a zipper in the middle that hit right around Eva 's rib cage . She left it completely closed for a more modest look , though a teasing glimpse of sideboob could still be seen thanks to the garment 's wide armholes . The swimwear proceeded to cinch in at the celeb 's waist , highlighting her hourglass silhouette . It also boasted a daringly high-cut design that thrilled her audience with a full look at her curvy hips and sculpted thighs . View this post on Instagram All aboard ⛵ A post shared by Eva Longoria Baston -LRB- @evalongoria -RRB- on Aug 16 , 2020 at 9:04 am PDT Unsurprisingly , fans went wild for the latest look at the mother-of-one 's phenomenal physique , awarding the shot more than 175,000 likes within less than a day 's time . Hundreds flocked to the comments section of the upload as well to further express their love for the actress . `` My goodness Eva ! you are so beautiful ! '' one person wrote . `` Gorgeous inside and out , '' praised another fan . `` Body goals !!! I 'm petite also but I def do n't look like this after babies !!!!! '' a third follower remarked . `` A true goddess , '' added a fourth admirer . Eva Longoria has been delighting her followers with a number of stunning swimwear looks lately , both new and old . Last week , the beauty shared a breathtaking black-and-white throwback snap in which she showcased her incredible figure in a high-waisted black bikini . Fans were thrilled by that post as well , awarding the upload more than 137,000 likes and 805 comments to date .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6229972/eva-longoria-tight-swimsuit-yacht/", "text_category": null}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008513566794953265, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgGiQpv", "stitle": "Evacuations ordered as 25 wildfires burn in Butte County", "seg_title_stem": "evacuation order as 25 wildfire burn in Butte County", "seg_content": "Evacuations remain in Butte County as crews battle 25 different wildfires burning in the region . The fires were ignited by lightning Monday near Potters Ravine Drive and Oregon Gulch Road , northeast of Oroville , Cal Fire said . As of 2:17 p.m. Tuesday , the fires have consumed an estimated 1,500 acres with 10 % containment . Mandatory evacuations are in place for residents on the north side of Orange Avenue to Long Bar Road , as well as for residents north of Long Bar Road to Feather River . Orders are in place for Potters Ravine Drive and Oregon Gulch Road , west to Cherokee Road and all roads in-between , south to the Feather River . A temporary evacuation center has been set up at the Church of the Nazarene parking lot at 2238 Monte Vista Avenue in Oroville . The fires , called the Butte Lightning Complex , include 25 different blazes . The largest is the Potters Fire , which is 700 acres with zero containment . A fire burning near Forest Ranch and Doe Mill is 330 acres with zero containment , Cal Fire said . The rest of the fires are less than 12 acres . `` All fires have been located but we are still discovering smokes , '' Cal Fire said in a tweet . `` Resources have been ordered to assist . '' This is a developing story . Stay with KCRA 3 for the latest . TOP STORIES FROM KCRA : READ THE FULL STORY : Evacuations ordered as 25 wildfires burn in Butte County", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/weather/evacuations-in-place-as-wildfires-burn-in-butte-county/ar-BB184ULt", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.8037030696868896}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 0.8037030696868896}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8292486978994174, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgGnpWv", "stitle": "Laurence Bédard Flaunts Cleavage In White Toweling Crop Top", "seg_title_stem": "Laurence Bédard flaunt cleavage in White Toweling Crop Top", "seg_content": "Instagram model Laurence Bédard delighted her 2.8 million followers with her recent post . The update , which was posted on Friday , August 18 , showed the celebrity with a huge grin on her face as she posed in a revealing tank top . Laurence wore a white toweling crop top that hugged her lithe figure . It plunged down low in the front and allowed her to reveal much of her cleavage , as well as her many tattoos . She appeared to be wearing matching bottoms . However , only the edge of the band could be seen in the image . She completed the look with a delicate gold chain that had a cross pendant . The model smiled broadly for the camera as she took the selfie . One arm reached up to hold her camera and the other was also outstretched as she took the snap . Her short brunette locks were curled in loose waves and parted to one side . Sections of hair also hung down over one eye . Laurence took the photo inside as details of what appeared to be her house were visible behind her . Charcoal-colored tiles were underfoot and a short set of steps led to what seemed to be a living area . A sofa was situated along the edge of this room , and a small table accompanied a matching chair along an adjacent wall . Sunlight streamed in through the large windows but was softened somewhat by the sheer curtains hanging over them . As soon as Laurence posted the image , her followers were quick to respond . Within 12 hours , the photo had garnered 89,200 likes and close to 1,000 comments from her adoring fans . View this post on Instagram Morning ???? A post shared by Laurence Bédard -LRB- @lolobe4 -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 7:03 am PDT `` Where did you get this top ? I need it in my life like yesterday , '' one follower wrote . `` Beautiful , beautiful smile ! Wow !! '' a fan gushed . `` Loving the hair !!! Looking amazing as always , '' another user remarked . Laurence used to sport blond hair but has opted for a darker look of late . `` THE MEANING OF BEAUTY IS YOU , '' a fourth person declared , also peppering their response with many heart emoji . While there were hundreds of comments , many of her followers opted to use emoji in order to convey how they felt . The most popular appeared to be the heart , heart-eyes , and kissing emoji , although the flower was also in regular use . Laurence often shares updates to her social media account . As previously reported by The Inquisitr , she recently showed off her dazzling smile while wearing a skintight black dress with a floral pattern .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6230804/laurence-bedard-white-toweling-crop-top/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9887049794197083}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9887049794197083}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2335604228577416, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'vagina': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'vagina': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgGvIzG", "stitle": "` Amy Schumer Learns to Cook ' Season 2 : Fans wonder why Food Network censored the word ` vagina ' in Chris ' story", "seg_title_stem": "` Amy Schumer Learns to cook ' season 2 : fan wonder why Food Network censor the word ` vagina ' in Chris ' story", "seg_content": "Amy Schumer is again with Season 2 of her common culinary present , ` Amy Schumer Learns to Cook dinner ' . Regardless of Amy 's immense love for meals , the gifted comedian sadly would not boast of being an excellent cook dinner . Additionally , thanks to the pandemic , Amy was left with numerous time in her fingers , so she determined to roll up her sleeves and study the artwork of cooking . Fortunately for her , she did not have to look too far for steering on mastering the fundamentals of cooking , as her pricey husband Chris Fischer occurs to be a celeb chef . Therefore , Amy teamed up with Chris to study the advantageous artwork of cooking . Her hilarious adventures in the kitchen are documented by the couple 's nanny , Jane . Season 2 of ` Amy Schumer Learns to Cook dinner ' kicked off with the theme of studying to cook dinner packaged meals utilizing recent elements . For this very attention-grabbing theme , Chris requested Amy which packaged meals did she get pleasure from consuming the most . The ` Inside Amy Schumer ' star instantly declared that she liked munching on pigs in the blanket . Amy goes on to clarify her love for the dish by sharing how she 'll even attend a marriage simply to have her favourite dish . As Chris started getting ready the dish and educating Amy and us on how to cook dinner the scrumptious dish , Amy started her random banter . She started questioning why the dish was known as pigs in the blanket after which turned to her husband to ask him if he ever coated an actual pig in a blanket . Chris surprises her by responding with a sure . He then narrates a story of how he was as soon as caring for a sow -LRB- feminine pig -RRB- . The sow occurred to be pregnant and had an extended labor . In accordance to him , she was having bother getting the piglets out , so to consolation her , Chris reportedly put a blanket round her . He then continues with the sow 's ordeal by explaining how she was struggling to get the piglets out , so to assist her with it , he reportedly caught his arm inside the pig to pull the piglets out . Whereas explaining the incident Chris used the time period `` vagina '' twice , as he detailed out how he caught his arm inside the sow 's vagina , and the way his complete arm match into the vagina . Each instances , Food Network bleeped the word . This left followers questioning why the community was censoring a word like vagina . A fan tweeted , `` The @FoodNetwork simply bleeped out the word vagina throughout an S2 | E1 of Amy Schumer Learns to Cook dinner . Is the word vagina not allowed in the meals world ? '' The @FoodNetwork simply bleeped out the word vagina throughout an S2 | E1 of Amy Schumer Learns to Cook dinner . Is the word vagina not allowed in the meals world ? -- Bobby Carlton -LRB- @bcarlton727 -RRB- August 18 , 2020 One other fan questioned , `` Food community why did you censor the word vagina ??????? '' Food community why did you censor the word vagina ??????? -- ☢ Mage of Life ☢ -LRB- @postnuclearwar -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Regardless of the community 's censoring , followers nonetheless appeared to love Chris ' story . A fan shared , `` Is your husband a comic too ? He 's hilarious . I like how he by no means laughs at your jokes and stares into nothingness for hours at a time . The story about his whole arm in a pigs vagina ? Now that 's good television . And btw these were n't empanadas both . '' Is your husband a comic too ? He 's hilarious . I like how he by no means laughs at your jokes and stares into nothingness for hours at a time . The story about his whole arm in a pigs vagina ? Now that 's good television . And btw these were n't empanadas both . -- no justice no peace -LRB- @mochadoo -RRB- August 18 , 2020 ` Amy Schumer Learns to Cook dinner ' Season 2 airs each Monday at 10/9c on Food Network . If in case you have an leisure scoop or a story for us , please attain out to us on -LRB-323-RRB- 421-7515", "url": "https://checkersaga.com/amy-schumer-learns-to-cook-season-2-fans-wonder-why-food-network-censored-the-word-vagina-in-chris-story/56821/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.6084007024765015}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.6084007024765015}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0265511329523027, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgHAvaB", "stitle": "Police say 2 people found dead near Pilot Butte were victims of double homicide", "seg_title_stem": "police say 2 people find dead near pilot butte be victim of double homicide", "seg_content": "Bend Police believe the two people found dead in a house near Pilot Butte on Saturday night were victims of a double homicide , according to Lt. Juli McConkey . On Monday night , Bend Police revealed the victims to be 29-year-old Natasha Newby and 34-year-old Raymond Atkinson Jr. . The couple was engaged , according to Newby 's Facebook profile . McConkey said they do not believe there is a threat to the public at this time . Bend Police said the investigation is still ongoing .", "url": "https://centraloregondaily.com/police-say-2-people-found-dead-near-pilot-butte-were-victims-of-double-homicide/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.133686416028795, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgHzzvu", "stitle": "Delavan man gets probation for child sex abuse", "seg_title_stem": "Delavan man get probation for child sex abuse", "seg_content": "A Delavan man was sentenced last week to probation in a child sex case that initially threatened him with life in prison . Steven Gulliams , 38 , pleaded guilty in May to two counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse of a girl under age 13 , punishable by up to seven years in prison . A Class X charge of predatory criminal sexual assault was dismissed in a plea agreement in which a prosecutor recommended a four-year sentence of sexual offender probation . The agreement came after Tazewell County Circuit Judge Stephen Kouri ruled that a jury in Guilliams ' trial could not hear that he had served an 11-year prison term for assaulting an 8-year-old girl 19 years ago . `` This is one of the most difficult cases I 've ever been associated with , '' Kouri said after sentencing Gulliams . The victim told police last September that Guilliams sexually touched her while they and a child relative of Gulliams were playing hide-and-seek in Guilliams ' residence that day , a prosecutor 's court affidavit stated . Guilliams asked her beforehand if she could keep a secret and , afterwards , told her not to get him in trouble , the affidavit stated . When the girl 's older sister came to take her home , she told her sister , who then relayed her story to their parents . With a second conviction of predatory child sex assault , Gulliams could have received up to twice the crime 's maximum 30-year term . State law also allows certain circumstances to extend the sentence to life . He received credit for the 218 days he spent in custody prior to his guilty pleas . Guilliams must have no contact with minors and is limited to controlled visitations with his two minor children .", "url": "https://www.eastpeoriatimescourier.com/news/20200817/delavan-man-gets-probation-for-child-sex-abuse", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10750262780503692, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgIGYGJ", "stitle": "Play It Forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_title_stem": "play it forward : Kae Tempest Watches The World Vibrate", "seg_content": "ARI SHAPIRO , HOST : It 's time for Play It Forward , where artists tell us about their music and the musicians who inspire them . Last week , the Indigo Girls told us about a spoken word poet and rapper from London . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` UNHOLY ELIXIR '' -RRB- KAE TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- I touch the beginning , animating animals and tree gods . SHAPIRO : And a note here - we recorded these interviews a while ago when the artist went by the name Kate Tempest and used she/her pronouns . Since then , they 've put out a statement saying they will use the name Kae instead of Kate and use them/they pronouns . We 've been given permission to air the interview as it was recorded . Here 's how Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls described Kae Tempest . AMY RAY : I find that I have catharsis when I listen to her and read her words . I hear hope in them . The willingness for her to be so vulnerable makes me hopeful . And the willingness for her to love humanity through the darkness makes me hopeful . SHAPIRO : And Kate Tempest joins us now from London . Thank you for being here . Welcome to Play It Forward . TEMPEST : Thanks for having me . I 'm really happy to be here . SHAPIRO : Well , what 's your reaction to what we just heard from the Indigo Girls , to start ? TEMPEST : I feel honored that people are paying such close attention to my work . I felt like what they were saying about the hope and the vulnerability , the willingness to feel vulnerable being a sign of hope - it 's just a beautiful , perceptive thing to notice . I feel - you know , what can I say ? Feels - I feel lucky . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` HOLD YOUR OWN '' -RRB- TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- I know the days are reeling past in such squealing blasts , but stop for breath , and you will know it 's yours . SHAPIRO : They specifically mentioned your willingness to love humanity through the darkness . Does that come naturally to you , or do you have to work at finding that love in spite of the darkness ? TEMPEST : I think that it is - it 's hard work . It 's a process , and it 's a practice . It demands a certain amount of a kind of willingness to defeat the parts of you that want to go first to despair or want to go first to hurt or distrust , to actually try and , like , override that . I mean , it 's a mark of my privilege that I 'm in a position that I can do that . So it 's definitely important that I acknowledge that . But at the same time , it 's something that I try and live by for sure . And that 's why so much of my work is about it because so much of my life is about trying to find that balance . It 's not easy for sure when you get annoyed with people -LRB- laughter -RRB- . SHAPIRO : I mean , like , what does the practice involve ? TEMPEST : It 's about looking again . It 's basically allowing yourself or , in fact , demanding that you notice and feel and tune into the idea that every single other person is existing at as ferocious a frequency as you are . Empathy is about hearing other people 's stories before telling your own and just having an awareness of that at all times . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` PEOPLE 'S FACES '' -RRB- TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- But it 's so hard . We got our heads down and our hackles up , our backs against the wall . I can feel your heart racing . None of this was written in stone . The current 's fast , but the river moves slow . And I can feel things changing , even when ... For me personally , it 's about noticing particular attention . And as soon as I pay particular attention to anything , like a really mundane household object , suddenly it becomes something that 's extremely beautiful and is full of life and has a lot to teach me . I mean , I say that 'cause I 'm looking at a coffeepot . -LRB- LAUGHTER -RRB- TEMPEST : So I 'm like , can I feel that about this ? I think it has to be a living thing . I just heard myself say that . I was like , I 'm - that 's - I 'm going a bit far there . It has to be a person . SHAPIRO : I mean , it reminds me of the lyrics of the song `` People 's Faces . '' I mean , the last line is , I love people 's faces . And it speaks directly to what you 're describing right now . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` PEOPLE 'S FACES '' -RRB- TEMPEST : I love people 's faces . Yeah , that 's it for sure . That 's , like , the truest line . It 's a mad thing because I spend my entire life putting words together , and then I feel like that particular line is just the closest I 've ever come to telling just the clearest truth that I could . That is it . I love people 's faces . That 's pretty much it . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` EUROPE IS LOST '' -RRB- TEMPEST : -LRB- Rapping -RRB- Europe is lost , America lost , London lost . Still we are clamoring victory . All that is meaningless rules . We have learned nothing from history . The people are dead in their lifetimes , dazed in the shine of the streets . SHAPIRO : The Indigo Girls called you a prophetess , and I read an interview ... TEMPEST : Cool . SHAPIRO : ... That you did with the - yeah , it 's all right . TEMPEST : -LRB- Laughter -RRB- . SHAPIRO : You can wear that title . There was an interview you did with The Guardian in 2017 , and you said , we 're in a terrible situation in this country - meaning the U.K. - and I do n't think any of us are quite prepared for what the next few years might bring . That was three years ago . And when I read that , I thought , wow , prophetess is the right word . How have you been adjusting to this new reality that we 're all living and that none of us could have anticipated three years ago ? TEMPEST : Interesting question . Well , the first thing to say is that for writers , we pay extreme attention . This is what I 'm saying about this really - this decision to pay particular attention . And when you do that , what you access is the present . But what it 's - looks like and what it reads like is prescience . It looks like you 're talking of the future . But actually , you 're just paying attention to the present . And it happens all the time when you read novels or when you listen to lyrics by people that are just afflicted with the burden of being somebody who notices in , like , such sharp frequencies what 's going on . Then - and then you explain it , and you get it out of you . And it just - it seems like you 're talking about a future , but you 're not . You 're just describing the moment . SHAPIRO : Well , Kate Tempest , it 's your turn to play it forward . Who would you like to tell us about ? - a musician who you appreciate , who you feel grateful for . TEMPEST : I would like to appreciate and show my gratitude to Lianne La Havas . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF LIANNE LA HAVAS 'S `` BITTERSWEET '' -RRB- SHAPIRO : Tell us about her . Why did you choose her ? TEMPEST : There is something that happens when I hear her sing , which is so uplifting . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF SONG , `` BITTERSWEET '' -RRB- LIANNE LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- Please stop asking , do you still love me ? Do n't have much to say . Let 's speak in the morning . TEMPEST : I feel like the way that she selects melody and the way that she embodies those melodies , her guitar playing , the placement of the breath in the lines that she sings - I just find it extremely uplifting and healing . And I think she 's one of these people - they have put all of this effort into making it appear effortless . SHAPIRO : What song of hers can we play to introduce listeners to that beauty that you 're describing ? TEMPEST : Do you know what ? I was lucky enough to be at the Albert Hall when she did a gig , like a kind of homecoming gig in London . And she did a cover version , just with her on the guitar , singing Aretha Franklin 's `` Say A Little Prayer . '' -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING -RRB- LA HAVAS : Here it goes . TEMPEST : I mean , that 's a challenging song to cover , right ? Like ... SHAPIRO : -LRB- Laughter -RRB- . TEMPEST : I was - it was such a beautiful moment . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING -RRB- LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- The moment I wake up ... -LRB- CHEERING -RRB- LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- ... Before I put on my makeup , I say a little prayer for you . SHAPIRO : Well , we 're going to go to Lianne La Havas next . What would you like to say to her ? TEMPEST : I 'd like to say thank you for making me feel less alone in the world and for putting your heart into everything you sing and play . And I 'd like to say thanks for your music . SHAPIRO : Kate Tempest 's most recent album is called `` The Book Of Traps And Lessons . '' Thank you so much for talking with us . It 's really been a pleasure . TEMPEST : Oh , it 's my pleasure . Thank you so much . And thanks to the Indigo Girls . -LRB- SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING -RRB- LA HAVAS : -LRB- Singing -RRB- Without you would only mean heartbreak for me . -LRB- APPLAUSE -RRB- SHAPIRO : And we 'll talk with Lianne La Havas on the next episode of Play It Forward . Copyright © 2020 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information . NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .", "url": "https://www.npr.org/transcripts/903263225", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9999525547027588}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9999525547027588}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.9999525547027588}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.035330467809435925, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgIZpxv", "stitle": "Urbn Leaf Affiliate Sues Cannabis Joint Venture for $ 5 Million", "seg_title_stem": "Urbn Leaf Affiliate sue Cannabis Joint Venture for $ 5 Million", "seg_content": "An affiliate of marijuana dispensary chain Urbn Leaf sued cannabis company NuVeda LLC and its founders in Delaware , seeking the return of $ 5 million it paid for an ownership stake in a deal that hit snags when Nevada regulators suspended approvals . `` Cognizant that governmental approval was required for a change of ownership related to cannabis licenses , the parties included '' a clause that `` specifically protected '' Urbn Leaf `` from the possibility that approval would not be forthcoming , '' the Chancery Court complaint says . `` Defendants have refused to honor their obligations . '' The lawsuit was filed Aug. 14 by UL Holdings NV LLC , a San ...", "url": "https://news.bloomberglaw.com/mergers-and-antitrust/urbn-leaf-affiliate-sues-cannabis-joint-venture-for-5-million", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 0.7213973999023438}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_RealEstate": 0.7213973999023438}, "third_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_RealEstate_Other": 0.7213973999023438}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03680610312263652, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgIjpfz", "stitle": "Babe Ruth Baseball : Ewing/Hopewell 13s bow out of Southern New Jersey Tournament", "seg_title_stem": "Babe Ruth Baseball : Ewing/Hopewell 13 bow out of Southern New Jersey Tournament", "seg_content": "HOPEWELL -- The Ewing/Hopewell 13-Year-Old Babe Ruth All-Star baseball team knew how well it battled Atlantic Shore in the Southern New Jersey Tournament at Bacon Field , even if it could not get the result for which it was hoping . For the second time in four days , head coach Andy Yadamiec 's squad stayed within four runs of their opponents from the Shore , yet did not come out on top . Monday night in the losers ' bracket final , Ewing/Hopewell saw a seventh-inning rally come up short as Atlantic Shore survived with an 8-4 win . Friday the locals also had suffered their first setback in the four-team tournament at the hands of Atlantic Shore , that time an 11-7 decision . That leaves Atlantic Shore to go up against winners ' bracket champion Nottingham , beginning 6 p.m. Wednesday at Bacon Field to decide the 2020 Southern NJ 13YO Babe Ruth champion . If Nottingham loses the first game , an `` if necessary '' game will be played one-half hour after completion of that contest to decide the champ . `` We played well and gave it our all , '' Ewing/Hopewell third baseman and left fielder Rex Peters said . `` They put the bat on the ball more than us . '' Yes , Atlantic Shore had double the number of hits -LRB- 12 -RRB- that E/H compiled , but it could not pull too far ahead of the scrappy locals . After building a 3-0 lead in the top of the first inning on a bases-loaded walk by Matt Boncheck and a two-run double by Finn Haines , Atlantic Shore , which loaded the bases twice that frame , saw the hosts trim the lead to 3-2 in the bottom of the second when Peters delivered a two-out , two-run double , which plated Jake Trupin and Andrew Halko , who had opened the inning by drawing walks . The visitors got one run back in the third when AS starting pitcher Matt Pashley doubled in Haines , who had singled and stolen second base with one out . E/H 's defense turned a double play to avoid further damage that inning , then Collin Elam came on in relief of starting pitcher Chris King and kept Atlantic Shore off the board the next two frames , including getting out of a one-out jam with runners at second and third base in the fifth . Ewing/Hopewell was not as fortunate in the sixth when two errors , a sacrifice fly by Evan Taylor and an RBI single by Pashley led to three more runs for Atlantic Shore . Pashley had a strong game for the visitors , going 3-for-3 at the plate with a pair of doubles and two runs batted in , while also pitching 5 2/3 innings with six strikeouts to get the win . `` I felt like we would make something happen in the bottom of the seventh , '' said Peters , who is going to be a freshman at Hopewell Valley High . `` We started loading the bases , and we had the momentum . '' After AS tacked on one more run in the top of that frame on Colin Thompson 's RBI ground out , E/H began rallying off relief pitchers Thompson and Taylor . Elam -LRB- 2-for-3 -RRB- led off with a single , then Peters and Dean Mantuano drew walks from Thompson to fill the bags . Jake Mignogna greeted Taylor to the mound by dropping an RBI single into center field , which scored pinch runner Nick Shibik , then AJ Yadamiec walked to plate Peters with their team 's fourth run . With the bases still loaded and none out , however , Taylor settled down to get the next three batters on two strikeouts and a pop up to spoil the Ewing/Hopewell players ' bigger plans . Atlantic Shore 301 003 1 -- 8 12 0 Ewing/Hopewell 020 000 2 -- 4 6 3 2B : Haines , Pashley 2 -LRB- AS -RRB- , Peters -LRB- EH -RRB- ; RBIs : Thompson , Taylor , Boncheck , Haines 2 , Pashley 2 -LRB- AS -RRB- , Yadamiec , Peters 2 , Mignogna -LRB- EH -RRB- . WP -- Pashley ; LP -- King .", "url": "https://www.trentonian.com/sports/babe-ruth-baseball-ewing-hopewell-13s-bow-out-of-southern-new-jersey-tournament/article_d16c3262-e0fb-11ea-b865-ef1e13eea5cf.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.44243466727785424, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1, 'prostate': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgJA1g4", "stitle": "DNER promotes epithelial -- mesenchymal transition and prevents chemosensitivity through the Wnt / β-catenin pathway in breast cancer", "seg_title_stem": "dner promote epithelial -- mesenchymal transition and prevent chemosensitivity through the wnt / β-catenin pathway in breast cancer", "seg_content": "Abstract Breast cancer -LRB- BC -RRB- is the most common malignant tumour in women worldwide , and one of the most common fatal tumours in women . Delta/Notch-like epidermal growth factor -LRB- EGF -RRB- - related receptor -LRB- DNER -RRB- is a transmembrane protein involved in the development of tumours . The role and potential mechanism of DNER in epithelial -- mesenchymal transition -LRB- EMT -RRB- and apoptosis in BC are not fully understood . We find that DNER is overexpressed in BC tissue , especially triple-negative breast cancer -LRB- TNBC -RRB- tissue , and related to the survival of BC and TNBC patients . In addition , DNER regulates cell EMT to enhance the proliferation and metastasis of BC cells via the Wnt / β-catenin pathway in vitro and in vivo . Moreover , the expression levels of β-catenin and DNER in BD tissue are positively correlated . The simultaneously high expression of DNER and β-catenin contributes to poor prognosis in BC patients . Finally , DNER protects BC cells from epirubicin-induced growth inhibition and apoptosis via the Wnt / β-catenin pathway . In conclusion , these results suggest that DNER induces EMT and prevents apoptosis by the Wnt / β-catenin pathway , ultimately promoting the malignant progression of BC . In conclusion , our study demonstrates that DNER functions as an oncogene and potentially valuable therapeutic target for BC . Introduction Breast cancer -LRB- BC -RRB- is the most common malignant tumour in women worldwide and one of the most common fatal tumours in women1 ,2 . BC treatments can be used to improve patient outcome3 . However , tumour recurrence and metastasis and chemotherapeutic resistance are the most common causes of cancer treatment failure . Therefore , the need to screen and identify key regulatory factors in the process of tumour recurrence and metastasis for the treatment of BC is urgent . Tumour EMT is a multifactorial and complex event in which epithelial properties and the ability to adhere to adjacent cells are lost and mesenchymal and stem cell phenotypes are eventually obtained4 ,5,6,7 . EMT , a crucial regulatory mechanism by which tumours acquire invasive and metastatic abilities and the ability to resist apoptosis , plays an irreplaceable role in the development of malignant tumours8 ,9,10 . Recent studies upon activation of the classical Wnt / β-catenin pathway , β-catenin enters and accumulates in the nucleus , which induces the transcription and translation of downstream target genes , thus accelerating EMT10 . Therefore , maintaining β-catenin activity is important for the Wnt / β-catenin pathway and tumour progression . DNER , a neuron-specific transmembrane protein found in a variety of peripheral cells11 ,12,13,14 , is a member of the atypical Notch ligand family and binds to Notch1 receptor11 ,15 . DNER is expressed at abnormally high levels in various cancer tissues16 and promotes the proliferation migration , and invasion of cancer cells16 ,17 but has an inhibitory effect on cell proliferation in glioma14 . Nevertheless , the precise function and underlying molecular mechanisms of EMT and chemosensitivity in BC are unclear . In this study , we have revealed the previously unrecognized role of DNER in cancer progression , EMT and the apoptosis of BC cells . Furthermore , we investigated the expression of DNER and its relationship with survival in BC and TNBC patients . In addition , we have provided evidence for the correlation between DNER and β-catenin and the prognostic value of the high-level expression of DNER and catenin in BC patients . Finally , the crucial role of β-catenin in DNER-induced EMT and the inhibitory effect of DNER on apoptosis have been revealed . Taken together , our results elucidate the potential functions and mechanism of DNER in EMT and apoptosis in BC cells and provide a new therapeutic pathway for the recurrence , metastasis and chemotherapy resistance of BC . Materials and methods Ethics statement Two groups of the same human tissue specimens were acquired from patients of Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University who were diagnosed with BC from 2010 to 2012 . One group of specimens was promptly stored at − 80 °C for western blotting and PCR analysis . The other group of specimens was fixed in formalin and paraffinized for immunohistochemistry -LRB- IHC -RRB- . All patients did not receive chemotherapy , radiotherapy or immunotherapy . This research was approved by the Ethics Committee of Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University , and informed consent was obtained from all patients . Cell culture and reagents Human BC cell lines -LRB- MCF-7 and MDA-MB-468 cells -RRB- were obtained from American Type Culture Collection and incubated by their corresponding recommended method . All cell lines were mycoplasma-free by morphological examination and verified for their authenticities by STR profiling . Epirubicin was purchased from Pfizer Pharmaceutical Co. , Ltd. -LRB- Wuxi , China -RRB- and dissolved in physiological saline . CHIR 99021 -LRB- β-catenin inhibitor -RRB- and XAV-939 -LRB- β-catenin agonist -RRB- were purchased from Selleck -LRB- Shanghai , China -RRB- and dissolved in DMSO . Immunohistochemical staining IHC staining was performed as previously described18 . The results of IHC staining were evaluated by two independent pathologists and scored according to the percentage of positive tumour cells and staining intensity . The percentage of positive cells was scored as follows : 0 < 10 % , 1 = 10 -- 20 % , 2 = 21 -- 50 % and 3 > 50 % . The staining intensity was evaluated as follows : 0 = no staining , 1 = weak staining , 2 = ; moderate staining and 3 = ; strong staining . The final protein staining score was the percentage score multiplied by the intensity score ; final protein staining scores were divided into three categories as follows : 0 = negative , 1 -- 3 = low expression and 4 -- 9 = high expression . siRNA and plasmid transfection DNER siRNA -LRB- 5 ′ - GCUUUGCCAGUCCAAGAUUTT -RRB- and scramble siRNA -LRB- 5 ′ - UUCUCCGAACGUGUCACGUTT -RRB- were synthesized from GenePharma Co. -LRB- Shanghai , China -RRB- . FLAG-DNER and FLAG-NC were purchased from GeneChem Co. -LRB- Shanghai , China -RRB- . When cells in a six-well plate had grown to the appropriate density , siRNA and plasmids were transiently transfected with Lipofectamine3000 -LRB- Invitrogen , USA -RRB- and RNAiMAX -LRB- Invitrogen , USA -RRB- , respectively , according to the manufacturer 's instructions . After 48 h of transfection , the cells were used for subsequent experiments . qRT-PCR Total RNA from tissue specimens and cell samples was extracted by using TRIzol -LRB- Invitrogen , USA -RRB- according to the protocol and then reverse transcribed to cDNA using a TransScript First-Stand cDNA Synthesis Kit -LRB- TaKaRa , Japan -RRB- . qRT-PCR was implemented by using SYBR Green Mastermix -LRB- TaKaRa , Japan -RRB- with an ABI 7900HT Real-Time PCR system -LRB- USA -RRB- . The primer sequences are shown in Supplemental Table 1 . Cell Counting Kit -LRB- CCK -RRB- -8 assay After a series of interventions , equal numbers of BC cells were plated into 96-well plates and cultured for 4 days . Ten microlitres of CCK-8 -LRB- CK04 , Dojindo , Japan -RRB- solution was added to each well , and the cells were incubated at 37 °C for 2 h . The absorbance was determined at 450 nm . Wound healing assay After intervention , the cells were seeded into six-well plates . When the cell density exceeded 90 % , the cells were washed twice with PBS , and scratches were made with a yellow plastic pipette tip . Cells were cultured in serum-free medium for 48 h and photographed under a microscope . Invasion assay After a series of treatments , 4 × 104 cells in serum-free medium were plated in the upper chambers of a Transwell apparatus with Matrigel -LRB- Corning , NY , USA -RRB- . Medium in the bottom chambers containing 10 % FBS served as an attractant . After 24 h of incubation , cells that passed through the chamber membrane were fixed with pre-cooled formaldehyde and stained with crystal violet -LRB- C0121 , Beyotime -RRB- . The cells were counted and photographed under a microscope . Western blotting The prepared tissue and cell samples were separated by protein SDS-PAGE and transferred to a nitrocellulose -LRB- NC -RRB- membrane . The membrane was blocked in 5 % skim milk powder for 1.5 h at room temperature and immunoblotted with primary antibody at 4 °C overnight . After incubation with secondary antibody at room temperature for 1 h , protein expression was detected with corresponding protein development instrument and quantified by ImageJ software -LRB- W S Rasband , Image J , NIH -RRB- . The antibodies used are listed in Supplementary Table 2 . Nuclear and cytoplasmic protein extraction Nuclear and Cytoplasmic Extraction Reagent -LRB- P0027 -RRB- was purchased Beyotime Biotechnology . The nuclear and cytoplasmic proteins were extracted according to the instructions and then used for subsequent experiments . Flow cytometry to detect apoptosis A FITC Annexin V Apoptosis Detection Kit I -LRB- 556547 , BD Pharmingen , USA -RRB- was used to detect cell apoptosis . The cells were seeded in six-well plates . After a series of interventions , cells were processed following the manufacturer 's protocol , and the cell fluorescence was measured with a FACScan flow cytometer -LRB- FACScan , Becton Dickinson -RRB- . Animal experiments To acquire MDA-MB-468 cells with DNER stably knocked down and MCF-7 cells stably overexpressing DNER , cells were transfected with DNER knockdown and overexpression lentivirus -LRB- GeneChem , Shanghai , China -RRB- and then selected with puromycin . When the transfection efficiency approached ~ 90 % , the DNER protein level was detected with western blotting . All experimental procedures were conducted according to the Regulations of Experimental Animal Administration issued by the Animal Committee of Wuhan University . The mice were randomly divided into two groups . A total of 4 × 106 stable cells in 250 μl PBS were subcutaneously inoculated into the right iliac fossa of 4 - to 5-week-old female athymic nude mice -LRB- BALB/c -RRB- . After a certain period of intervention , the mice were sacrificed by anaesthesia , and xenografts were removed for weighing and photographing . The expression of relative proteins was detected by western blotting and IHC . For mammary-fat-pad tumour assays , we established MDA-MB-231 cells with DNER stably knocked down . The mice were randomly divided into two groups . 1.5 × 106 stable cells were resuspended in a mixture of PBS and Matrigel -LRB- 1:1 -RRB- and then injected into the fourth mammary fat pad on the same side of nude mice . To observe lung metastasis , tumours were excised by surgical operation when they reached about 300 mm3 . Ten days after the operation , the mice were sacrificed by anaesthesia , and the number of metastatic tumours per lung were determined . The entire lung tissues were fixed with 10 % formalin and sectioned for haematoxylin and eosin -LRB- H&E -RRB- staining to determine the presence of lung metastasis . The entire lung tissues were fixed with 10 % formalin and sectioned for haematoxylin and eosin -LRB- H&E -RRB- staining to determine the presence of lung metastasis . Immunofluorescence Immunofluorescence staining was performed as previously described19 . In brief , after corresponding treatments , the cells fixed with 4 % paraformaldehyde were perforated by 0.2 % Triton-X 100 for 15 min and blocked with 5 % BSA for 1 h. Next , the cells were incubated with β-catenin -LRB- 1:100 dilution -RRB- overnight at 4 °C and then incubated for 30 min with 488-conjugated antibody -LRB- Invitrogen , A11034 -RRB- . Finally , the slides were stained with DAPI for 3 min . The images of sample were analyzed by laser confocal microscopy -LRB- Zeiss LSM 710 -RRB- . Statistical analysis Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS 24.0 software -LRB- SPSS Inc. , Chicago , IL -RRB- and GraphPad Prism 8 -LRB- GraphPad Software , La Jolla , CA , USA -RRB- . All data were analyzed with at least three independent experiments and are presented as the mean ± SD . A survival curve was prepared by Kaplan -- Meier analysis , and the log-rank test was used to compare survival differences between groups . Pearson 's correlation method was used to analyze the correlation between DNER and β-catenin . A chi-square test was used to analyze associations between DNER expression levels and clinical characteristics . One-way ANOVA was used to compare differences in three or more groups . Differences in which p < 0.05 were considered statistically significant . Results DNER is upregulated in BC tissues and correlated with poor prognosis in BC and TNBC patients To determine the role of DNER in development of BC , we first measured the expression levels of DNER in BC tissue and matched adjacent normal breast tissue by IHC . The expression level of DNER in BC tissue was markedly higher than that in adjacent tissue ; moreover , the expression in TNBC was higher than that in luminal A BC -LRB- Fig. 1a -RRB- . We also detected the expression of DNER in BC tissue by PCR , the results of which were consistent with those of IHC experiments -LRB- Fig. 1b -RRB- . To further verify DNER expression in BC , we utilized western blotting to detect DNER protein expression in BC and adjacent tissues . As expected , compared with DNER expression in adjacent tissues , DNER expression in BC tissues was significantly elevated -LRB- Fig. 1c -RRB- . Furthermore , the highest DNER expression level was found in TNBC tissue . The clinicopathological characteristics with different expression of DNER in all BC and TNBC patients were shown in Tables 1 and 2 . Kaplan -- Meier analysis of RFS showed that the group expressing high levels of DNER had a worse prognosis than the group expressing low levels of DNER . The results of survival analysis of TNBC patients were the same as that of BC patients , and TNBC patients had a shorter RFS than BC patients -LRB- Fig. 1d -RRB- . Next , to verify whether the poor prognosis of BC patients caused by DNER is related to EMT , we detected the correlation between DNER - and EMT-related markers . The results showed that DNER expression was negatively correlated with the expression of E-cadherin , while positively correlated with N-cadherin expression -LRB- Fig. 1e , f -RRB- . In addition , we found that high expression of mesenchymal markers was significantly associated with high expression of DNER in BC through the TCGA database -LRB- http://gepia.cancer-pku.cn/ -RRB- . Although the negative correlation between E-cadherin and DNER in TCGA database was not significant , it also presented a negative trend -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 2A -RRB- . The results therefore suggested that DNER is highly expressed in BC and that elevated DNER protein expression contributes to the progression of BC , especially TNBC . Table 1 Clinicopathological associations of DNER expression in breast cancer . Full size table Table 2 Clinicopathological associations of DNER expression in triple negative breast cancer . Full size table DNER increases the biological functions of BC cells in vitro To evaluate the effect of DNER on BC cell proliferation , migration and invasion , we used siRNA to suppress DNER expression in both MCF-7 and MDA-MB-468 cells . Compared with DNER expression in the control and scramble siRNA groups , DNER was silenced by almost 90 % and 83 % in MCF-7 and MDA-MB-468 cells transfected with siRNA , respectively , -LRB- Fig. 2a , b -RRB- . As shown in Fig. 2c , DNER knockdown visibly downregulated the growth rate of BC cells by CCK-8 assay . Next , a wound healing assay was used to evaluate cell migration capacity . Compared with wound closure in the scramble siRNA group , DNER knockdown significantly inhibited wound closure after 48 h in BC cells -LRB- Fig. 2d -RRB- . In addition , the Transwell assay revealed that DNER knockdown clearly reduced BC cell invasion -LRB- Fig. 2e -RRB- . These results suggest that DNER acts as a cancer-promoting gene in BC cells . To further confirm the role of DNER in BC progression , DNER was overexpressed by transfection with the FLAG-DNER plasmid for 48 h . As shown in Supplementary Fig. 1A , DNER was successfully overexpressed in the two BC cell lines . In striking contrast with the effects of DNER knockdown , the ability of cell proliferation , migration and invasion was markedly enhanced after DNER overexpression -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 1B -- E -RRB- . Taken together , these results indicated that DNER plays a crucial role in BC growth and metastatic potential . DNER induces EMT in BC cells Tumour cell EMT promotes the malignant progression and metastasis of tumour cells10 . We next examined whether DNER has a regulatory effect on BC cell EMT . To assess this function , we detected EMT-related protein expression by western blotting . DNER knockdown significantly upregulated epithelial-like marker -LRB- E-cadherin -RRB- expression and downregulated mesenchymal marker -LRB- N-cadherin , Vimentin , Snail -RRB- expression -LRB- Fig. 3a , b -RRB- . Conversely , overexpression of DNER dramatically shown the opposite effect -LRB- Fig. 3c , d -RRB- . These results indicate that DNER drives EMT in BC cells . To provide further evidence of this effect of DNER on EMT , we suppressed DNER expression and then transfected cells with the FLAG-DNER plasmid to restore the DNER protein level ; we then determined whether DNER overexpression could reverse changes in the expression of EMT-related proteins . As shown in Fig. 3e , f , DNER knockdown alone had an inhibitory effect on EMT , whereas DNER knockdown and FLAG-DNER transfection suppressed the effect of DNER knockdown on E-cadherin and partially restored the expression of N-cadherin , Vimentin and Snail . These results suggest that DNER plays a pivotal role in inducing EMT in BC cells . DNER activates the Wnt / β-catenin signalling pathway and is positively correlated with β-catenin Previous reports have shown that the Wnt / β-catenin signalling pathway plays a crucial role in cancer cell metastasis and EMT20 ,21 . Therefore , we examined whether DNER mediates the canonical Wnt / β-catenin signalling pathway . As shown in Fig. 4a , b , compared with control cells , in DNER knockdown cells , the protein levels of Notch1 , p-GSK3β and β-catenin were increased , and those of GSK3β were unchanged . Conversely , DNER overexpression dramatically shown the opposite effect . Next , we investigate whether there is a relationship between Notch signal and β-catenin in the case of DNER overexpression . In DNER-overexpressing cells , we knocked down Notch1 and found that β-catenin expression was decreased compared with DNER overexpression alone -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 2B -RRB- . Notch1 functioned as an important role in the Wnt / β-catenin pathway , and the activation of Notch1 was positively related to the nuclear translocation of β-catenin22 . The accumulation of β-catenin in the nucleus plays an important role in the malignant progression of tumours . We assessed the effect of DNER knockdown on nuclear β-catenin accumulation by western blotting and observed that upon the knockdown of DNER , the levels of nuclear β-catenin and Snail were reduced in BC cell lines -LRB- Fig. 4c and Supplementary Fig. 2C -RRB- . The nuclear location of β-catenin detected by immunofluorescence showed the same results as those determined by western blotting -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 2D -RRB- . To further confirm the decrease in nuclear β-catenin accumulation following DNER knockdown , we examined the expression levels of β-catenin downstream target genes in BC cells by PCR . Consistent with the western blotting results , the mRNA expression levels of Survivin , c-Myc and LEF1 were significantly downregulated upon DNER knockdown -LRB- Fig. 4d -RRB- . These data indicated that DNER knockdown can inhibit nuclear translocation and transcriptional activity of β-catenin , thereby controlling the Wnt / β-catenin signalling pathway . To verify the relationship between DNER and β-catenin , we measured the protein expression levels of DNER and β-catenin in BC tissues . IHC showed that β-catenin was highly expressed when DNER was overexpressed , while catenin levels were low when DNER was knocked down -LRB- Fig. 4e -RRB- . Interestingly , correlation analyses showed that β-catenin expression was positively correlated with the expression of DNER -LRB- Fig. 4f -RRB- . We also found a strong positive correlation between DNER expression and nuclear β-catenin expression -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 2E -RRB- . Furthermore , immunofluorescence analysis showed that DNER overexpression promoted more nuclear accumulation of β-catenin in BC cells -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 2F -RRB- . Finally , Kaplan -- Meier analysis showed that the prognosis of BC patients with high levels of DNER and β-catenin was worse than the prognosis of BC patients with low levels of both DNER and β-catenin -LRB- Fig. 4g -RRB- . In addition , we continued to show the correlation between the high-level expression of both DNER and β-catenin and BC patient clinicopathologic features , as shown in Table 3 . These data suggest a strong correlation between the expression of DNER with that of β-catenin and high levels of DNER / β-catenin with poor prognosis in BC . Table 3 Clinicopathological associations of both DNER and β-catenin expression in breast cancer . Full size table The Wnt / β-catenin signalling pathway is involved in DNER-induced EMT and pro-metastatic phenotypes To determine whether the Wnt / β-catenin pathway functions in DNER-induced EMT , we assessed whether CHIR 99021 , a specific Wnt / β-catenin pathway activator23 , and XAV-939 , a Wnt / β-catenin pathway inhibitor24 could reverse the effect of DNER overexpression and DNER knockdown in BC cells . β-Catenin levels in the two BC cell lines were significantly elevated after CHIR 99021 treatment and markedly suppressed after XAV-939 treatment -LRB- Fig. 5a , b -RRB- . Compared with DNER knockdown alone , levels of the EMT-related proteins were dramatically exhibited the opposite effect after of the treatment of DNER knockdown cells with CHIR 99021 -LRB- Fig. 5a -RRB- . The treatment of DNER-overexpressing cells with XAV-939 clearly show similar results -LRB- Fig. 5b -RRB- . These findings indicated that CHIR 99021 partly rescued the inhibitory effect of DNER knockdown on EMT progression and that XAV-939 suppressed the activation of EMT induced by DNER overexpression . To investigate the role of the Wnt / β-catenin pathway in DNER-mediated cell proliferation , migration and invasion , we performed rescue experiments by activating or inhibiting β-catenin in DNER knockdown or DNER-overexpressing cells , respectively . Consistent with the effects of Wnt / β-catenin pathway activation and inhibition on EMT , in the presence of CHIR 99021 , the proliferation , migration and invasion of DNER knockdown cells were clearly elevated -LRB- Fig. 5c , e , f -RRB- . Similarly , inhibition of β-catenin by XAV-939 in DNER-overexpressing cells distinctly decreased metastatic ability , as shown by changes in cell growth , migration and invasion -LRB- Fig. 5d , g , h -RRB- . Altogether , these data suggested that β-catenin is indispensable for DNER-induced BC cell EMT and pro-metastatic phenotypes . DNER enhances the tumorigenic and metastatic ability of BC cells in vivo To verify our results in vitro , we next examined the role of DNER in vivo . To that end , MDA-MB-468 cells in which DNER was stably knocked down and MCF-7 cells stably overexpressing DNER were successfully established to use to establish xenograft models in mice -LRB- Fig. 6a , b , f , g -RRB- . After a period of time , the xenografts were removed , photographed and weighed . DNER knockdown significantly inhibited tumour size and weight compared with those in NC group -LRB- Fig. 6c , d -RRB- . Consistent with the effect of DNER knockdown , xenografts from DNER-overexpressing group were larger and heavier than those from NC group . More importantly , XAV-939 reversed changes in the size and weight of xenografts -LRB- Fig. 6h , i -RRB- . The DNER , β-catenin , c-Myc and Snail protein levels in xenograft tissue were measured to confirm the upregulation and downregulation by western blotting -LRB- Fig. 6e , j , Supplementary Fig. 3A -RRB- . Moreover , IHC results found that DNER knockdown reduced nuclear location of β-catenin , while DNER overexpression promoted this nuclear translocation effect -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 3C -RRB- . In addition , as shown in Supplementary Fig. 3A , C , the western blotting and IHC results showed that DNER impacted the tumour growth in vivo was related to the level of Ki67 , which is consistent with the positive correlation between DNER expression and ki67 expression in BC patients of TCGA database -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 3B -RRB- . To explore the role of DNER in BC metastasis to lung , MDA-MB-231 cells with stably DNER knockdown was successfully established -LRB- Fig. 6k -RRB- . As shown in Fig. 6l , the corresponding treated MDA-MB-231 cells were injected into the fourth mammary fat pad , and tumours were excised when they reached about 300 mm3 . Lung metastasis was observed in each group after 10 days . Bright-field picture demonstrated that more lung metastasis was found in the NC-DNER group compared with the sh-DNER group -LRB- Fig. 6m -RRB- . Similar trends were observable in H&E staining analysis -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 3E -RRB- . Moreover , IHC results of xenografts showed that DNER knockdown observably upregulated E-cadherin expression and downregulated N-cadherin expression . DNER overexpression had the opposite effect , whereas XAV-939 reversed the expression levels of EMT markers -LRB- Supplementary Fig. 3C , D -RRB- , indicated that DNER promoted BC metastasis in vivo . These results illuminate that DNER functions as an oncogene in BC . DNER reduces the chemosensitivity of BC cells to epirubicin in vitro Previous studies have reported that EMT is involved in the chemosensitivity of tumour cells . Our results suggested that DNER promotes EMT in BC cells . Therefore , we examined the relationship between DNER and chemosensitivity to epirubicin . As shown in Fig. 7a , epirubicin inhibited the growth of the two BC cell lines in a concentration - and time-dependent manner . Meanwhile , DNER was elevated at both the protein and mRNA levels after BC cells were treated with different concentrations of epirubicin -LRB- 1.25 -- 5 μg / ml -RRB- for 12 h , but returned to the control level at 10 μg / ml -LRB- Fig. 7b -- d -RRB- . Next , we investigated the role of DNER in epirubicin-induced apoptosis . The CCK-8 assay showed that the combination of DNER knockdown and epirubicin treatment had a significant inhibitory effect on cell proliferation compared to that with epirubicin treatment alone -LRB- Fig. 7e -RRB- . Furthermore , DNER knockdown with epirubicin treatment dramatically augmented the apoptosis rate compared with that in the epirubicin group of MDA-MB-468 cells , as determined by fluorescence-activated cell sorting -LRB- FACS -RRB- -LRB- Fig. 7f -RRB- . The levels of apoptosis-related proteins , such as PARP , detected by western blotting were the same as those determined by FACS -LRB- Fig. 7g -RRB- , indicating the protective role of DNER in epirubicin-induced apoptosis . To further confirm the protective role of DNER against epirubicin-induced apoptosis , we measured cell viability and apoptosis after overexpressing DNER . The CCK-8 assay showed that DNER overexpression could partially rescue the inhibition of cell proliferation induced by epirubicin -LRB- Fig. 7h -RRB- . Unlike the effects of DNER knockdown determined by FACS and western blotting , DNER overexpression significantly antagonized epirubicin-induced apoptosis in BC cells -LRB- Fig. 7i , j -RRB- . Taken together , these results demonstrate that DNER protects BC cells from epirubicin-induced apoptosis . Regulation of the Wnt / β-catenin pathway by DNER is involved in epirubicin-induced apoptosis We have previously shown that DNER can regulate the Wnt / β-catenin signalling pathway . To determine whether β-catenin is involved in the epirubicin-induced apoptosis of BC cells , two BC cell lines were treated with different concentrations of epirubicin . As shown in Fig. 8a , the protein levels of β-catenin in BC cells were increased in an epirubicin concentration-dependent manner . Furthermore , upregulation of β-catenin induced by epirubicin occurred at the transcriptional level -LRB- Fig. 8b -RRB- . More importantly , β-catenin was transferred into the nucleus after epirubicin treatment -LRB- Fig. 8c , d -RRB- . We next examined cell growth and apoptosis in DNER-overexpressing cells in the absence and presence of XAV-939 . A CCK-8 assay showed that the treatment of DNER-overexpressing cells with XAV-939 augmented the epirubicin-induced inhibition of cell proliferation compared with that when DNER was overexpressed alone -LRB- Fig. 8e -RRB- . In addition , FACS revealed that the rate of epirubicin-induced apoptosis in DNER-overexpressing MDA-MB-468 cells was significantly elevated after XAV-939 treatment -LRB- Fig. 8f -RRB- . Furthermore , changes in the levels of apoptosis-related proteins indicated the same outcome as FACS -LRB- Fig. 8g -RRB- . These results showed that β-catenin amplified the rate of epirubicin-induced apoptosis , which was reversed by DNER ; therefore , we conclude that DNER inhibits epirubicin-induced cell apoptosis via the Wnt / β-catenin signalling pathway -LRB- Fig. 8h -RRB- . Discussion In our study , we have provided comprehensive results on the role of DNER in regulating BC EMT and chemosensitivity . We found that the expression level of DNER in BC tissue , especially TNBC tissue , is obviously higher than that in adjacent tissue and that high DNER expression is associated with poor prognosis in BC and TNBC patients . Furthermore , DNER not only clearly enhanced cell viability , migration , invasion and EMT in vitro but also significantly augmented the tumorigenic and metastatic ability in vivo . In addition , we demonstrated that Wnt / β-catenin is essential for DNER-mediated cell growth , migration , invasion and EMT and that patients with high levels of DNER and β-catenin exhibit worse survival . Finally , DNER protects BC cells from epirubicin-induced apoptosis via the Wnt / β-catenin pathway . Therefore , DNER functions as an oncogene in BC and may be a prognostic factor and therapeutic target for BC . DNER , atypical ligand of the Notch1 pathway , was initially found to be highly expressed in Purkinje neurons and plays a key role in cerebellar development25 ,26 . Furthermore , the Notch pathway is involved in carcinogenesis and promotes the proliferation and malignant progression of various tumours27 ,28,29 . Until now , the role of DNER in cancer has remained controversial , and the function of DNER may vary according to cell type . Several studies have shown that knockdown of DNER by siRNA or shRNA inhibits cancer cell proliferation , migration and invasion in vitro and reduces the size of some solid tumours in vivo16 ,17,30 . However , in glioblastoma , the specific gene product induced by DNER-mediated histone deacetylase -LRB- HDAC -RRB- inhibition inhibits the growth of GBM-derived neurospheres , induces differentiation in vitro and in vivo and inhibits tumour xenograft growth14 . Our results demonstrated that DNER remarkedly promoted the cell growth , migration and invasion of BC cell lines in vitro and augmented the tumorigenic and metastatic ability in vivo . These inconsistent findings suggest that the role of DNER is tissue - or cell-specific or that HDAC inhibitors inhibit the proliferation of glioblastoma by inhibiting the expression of DNER , thereby protecting the body . Furthermore , DNER could reduce the RFS in BC patients , especially TNBC patients , suggesting DNER as a prognostic indicator in BC , especially TNBC . A growing body of research suggests that the distant metastasis of tumours is caused by EMT of tumour cells , which promotes cancer cell metastasis10 ,31 . In addition , DNER acts as a ligand for Notch1 , activating the Notch signalling pathway11 ,15 , and the knockdown of Notch1 expression can inhibit the migration and invasion of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells by reversing EMT32 . In our study , the knockdown of DNER significantly increased the expression of epithelial markers and inhibited the expression of interstitial markers , while DNER overexpression had the opposite effect . Furthermore , overexpression of DNER in DNER knockdown cells reversed the EMT phenotype . These results revealed that DNER promotes BC progression through regulating cell EMT . The canonical Wnt / β-catenin pathway plays a critical role in the apoptosis , proliferation and metastasis of cancer cells10 ,33 . Our research demonstrated that DNER observably activates the Wnt / β-catenin pathway to regulate the proliferation , migration , invasion and EMT of BC cells . This finding was verified by nuclear and cytoplasmic separation experiments and downstream target gene detection with qRT-PCR after DNER knockdown . Furthermore , CHIR 99021 and XAV-939 reversed change to cellular biological functions and the EMT phenotype after DNER knockdown and overexpression , respectively . In addition , we demonstrated a positive correlation between DNER and catenin . Furthermore , BC patients with combined high expression levels of DNER and β-catenin exhibited worse survival . Hence , Wnt / β-catenin is not only regulated by DNER but also participates in the prognosis of BC patients together with DNER . The effect of β-catenin and EMT on cell apoptosis has been reported34 ,35 , but the role of DNER in epirubicin-induced apoptosis has not been studied . DNER and β-catenin were expressed in an epirubicin concentration-dependent manner . Knockdown of DNER significantly increased the epirubicin-induced inhibition of cell proliferation and apoptosis , while overexpression of DNER had the opposite effect . More interestingly , the extent to which epirubicin inhibited proliferation and cell apoptosis in DNER-overexpressing cells was dramatically enhanced after XAV-939 treatment . These results indicated that DNER protects BC cells from epirubicin-induced growth inhibition and apoptosis via the Wnt / β-catenin pathway . In conclusion , we have demonstrated the crucial functional role of DNER in EMT and apoptosis . Our study revealed that DNER is highly expressed and associated with poor survival in BC patients , especially TNBC patients , as shown for the first time . In addition , DNER promotes BC cell invasion , EMT and the rate of apoptosis by regulating the Wnt / β-catenin pathway . Therefore , although further research is needed , our study provides comprehensive evidence demonstrating the value of DNER in EMT and apoptosis and suggests DNER as a worthwhile therapeutic target for BC . References 1 . Bray , F. et al. . Global cancer statistics 2018 : GLOBOCAN estimates of incidence and mortality worldwide for 36 cancers in 185 countries . CA Cancer J. Clin . 68 , 394 -- 424 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 2 . Sauer , A. G. , Siegel , R. L. , Jemal , A. & Fedewa , S. A. Updated review of prevalence of major risk factors and use of screening tests for cancer in the United States . Cancer Epidemiol . Biomark . Prev . 26 , 1192 -- 1208 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 3 . Gruver , A. M. , Portier , B. P. & Tubbs , R. R. Molecular pathology of breast cancer : the journey from traditional practice toward embracing the complexity of a molecular classification . Arch . Pathol . Lab . Med . 135 , 544 -- 557 -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . PubMed CAS Google Scholar 4 . Nieto , M. A. , Huang , R. Y. , Jackson , R. A. & Thiery , J. P. EMT : 2016 . Cell 166 , 21 -- 45 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 5 . Gupta , S. & Maitra , A. EMT : matter of life or death ? Cell 164 , 840 -- 842 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 6 . David , C. J. et al. . TGF-beta tumor suppression through a lethal EMT . Cell 164 , 1015 -- 1030 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 7 . Yeung , K. T. & Yang , J. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition in tumor metastasis . Mol . Oncol . 11 , 28 -- 39 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 8 . Nowrin , K. , Sohal , S. S. , Peterson , G. , Patel , R. & Walters , E. H. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition as a fundamental underlying pathogenic process in COPD airways : fibrosis , remodeling and cancer . Expert Rev. Respir . Med . 8 , 547 -- 559 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 9 . Hu , J. L. et al. . CAFs secreted exosomes promote metastasis and chemotherapy resistance by enhancing cell stemness and epithelial-mesenchymal transition in colorectal cancer . Mol . Cancer 18 , 91 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 10 . Zhou , P. et al. . NMIIA promotes tumor growth and metastasis by activating the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway and EMT in pancreatic cancer . Oncogene 38 , 5500 -- 5515 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 11 . Eiraku , M. et al. . DNER acts as a neuron-specific Notch ligand during Bergmann glial development . Nat . Neurosci . 8 , 873 -- 880 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 12 . Park , J. R. et al. . DNER modulates adipogenesis of human adipose tissue-derived mesenchymal stem cells via regulation of cell proliferation . Cell Prolif . 43 , 19 -- 28 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 13 . Hartman , B. H. , Nelson , B. R. , Reh , T. A. & Bermingham-McDonogh , O. Delta/notch-like EGF-related receptor -LRB- DNER -RRB- is expressed in hair cells and neurons in the developing and adult mouse inner ear . J. Assoc. Res . Otolaryngol . 11 , 187 -- 201 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . 14 . Sun , P. et al. . DNER , an epigenetically modulated gene , regulates glioblastoma-derived neurosphere cell differentiation and tumor propagation . Stem Cells 27 , 1473 -- 1486 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 15 . D'Souza , B. , Meloty-Kapella , L. & Weinmaster , G. Canonical and non-canonical Notch ligands . Curr . Top . Dev . Biol . 92 , 73 -- 129 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 16 . Wang , L. et al. . Delta/notch-like epidermal growth factor-related receptor -LRB- DNER -RRB- orchestrates stemness and cancer progression in prostate cancer . Am . J. Transl . Res . 9 , 5031 -- 5039 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 17 . Wang , L. et al. . Delta/notch-like epidermal growth factor-related receptor promotes stemness to facilitate breast cancer progression . Cell . Signal . 63 , 109389 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 18 . Zheng , H. et al. . Quantum dot-based immunofluorescent imaging and quantitative detection of TOP2A and prognostic value in triple-negative breast cancer . Int . J. Nanomed . 11 , 5519 -- 5529 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 19 . Wang , Z. et al. . Escin-induced DNA damage promotes escin-induced apoptosis in human colorectal cancer cells via p62 regulation of the ATM/gammaH2AX pathway . Acta Pharm . Sin . 39 , 1645 -- 1660 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 20 . Wu , J. et al. . TET1-mediated DNA hydroxymethylation activates inhibitors of the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway to suppress EMT in pancreatic tumor cells . J. Exp . Clin . Cancer Res . 38 , 348 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 21 . Colella , B. , Faienza , F. & Di Bartolomeo , S. EMT regulation by autophagy : a new perspective in glioblastoma biology . Cancers 11 , https://doi.org/10.3390/cancers11030312 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 22 . Ishiguro , H. et al. . NOTCH1 activates the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway in colon cancer . Oncotarget 8 , 60378 -- 60389 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 23 . Liu , C. C. et al. . FERMT1 mediates epithelial-mesenchymal transition to promote colon cancer metastasis via modulation of beta-catenin transcriptional activity . Oncogene 36 , 1779 -- 1792 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 24 . Li , H. et al. . Nucleolar and spindle associated protein 1 promotes metastasis of cervical carcinoma cells by activating Wnt/beta-catenin signaling . J. Exp . Clin . Cancer Res . 38 , 33 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 25 . Eiraku , M. , Hirata , Y. , Takeshima , H. , Hirano , T. & Kengaku , M. Delta/notch-like epidermal growth factor -LRB- EGF -RRB- - related receptor , a novel EGF-like repeat-containing protein targeted to dendrites of developing and adult central nervous system neurons . J. Biol . Chem . 277 , 25400 -- 25407 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 26 . Tohgo , A. et al. . Impaired cerebellar functions in mutant mice lacking DNER . Mol . Cell Neurosci . 31 , 326 -- 333 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 27 . Lu , H. Y. et al. . Novel ADAM-17 inhibitor ZLDI-8 inhibits the proliferation and metastasis of chemo-resistant non-small-cell lung cancer by reversing Notch and epithelial mesenchymal transition in vitro and in vivo . Pharmacol . Res . 104406 , https://doi.org/10.1016/j.phrs.2019.104406 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 28 . Liubomirski , Y. et al. . Notch-mediated tumor-stroma-inflammation networks promote invasive properties and CXCL8 expression in triple-negative breast cancer . Front . Immunol . 10 , 804 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 29 . Ye , Y. C. et al. . NOTCH signaling via WNT regulates the proliferation of alternative , CCR2-independent tumor-associated macrophages in hepatocellular carcinoma . Cancer Res . 79 , 4160 -- 4172 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 30 . Liang , Y. , Luo , H. , Zhang , H. , Dong , Y. & Bao , Y. Oncogene delta/Notch-like EGF-related receptor promotes cell proliferation , invasion , and migration in hepatocellular carcinoma and predicts a poor prognosis . Cancer Biother . Radiopharm . 33 , 380 -- 386 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 31 . Zhao , Y. R. et al. . HEG1 indicates poor prognosis and promotes hepatocellular carcinoma invasion , metastasis , and EMT by activating Wnt/beta-catenin signaling . Clin . Sci . 133 , 1645 -- 1662 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 32 . Guo , H. et al. . Knockdown of Notch1 inhibits nasopharyngeal carcinoma cell growth and metastasis via downregulation of CCL2 , CXCL16 , and uPA . Mol Carcinog 58 , 1886 -- 1896 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 33 . Zou , A. et al. . SHCBP1 promotes cisplatin induced apoptosis resistance , migration and invasion through activating Wnt pathway . Life Sci , 116798 , https://doi.org/10.1016/j.lfs.2019.116798 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 34 . Wang , P. et al. . Jatrorrhizine inhibits colorectal carcinoma proliferation and metastasis through Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway and epithelial-mesenchymal transition . Drug Des . Devel Ther . 13 , 2235 -- 2247 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar 35 . Singh , A. & Settleman , J. EMT , cancer stem cells and drug resistance : an emerging axis of evil in the war on cancer . Oncogene 29 , 4741 -- 4751 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . Article CAS Google Scholar Acknowledgements We would like to thank the participating patients for the source of BC tissue specimens . This work was partially supported by a National Natural Science Foundation of China -LRB- NSFC -RRB- grant -LRB- grant no. 81471781 -RRB- and a National Major Scientific Instruments and Equipment Development Projects grant -LRB- grant no. 2012YQ160203 -RRB- to S.S. , an NSFC grant to C.W. -LRB- grant no. 81870550 -RRB- , an NSFC grant -LRB- grant no. : 81903166 -RRB- , the Hubei Province Health and Family Planning Scientific Research Project -LRB- RMYD2018M78 -RRB- and a grant from the Scientific Research Project of the Hubei Provincial Health Commission -LRB- WJ2019Q044 -RRB- to S.S. Author information Author notes These authors contributed equally : Zhong Wang , Zhiyu Li Affiliations Department of Breast and Thyroid Surgery , Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University , Wuhan , Hubei , China Zhong Wang , Zhiyu Li , Qi Wu , Chenyuan Li , Juanjuan Li , Yimin Zhang & Shengrong Sun Department of Pathophysiology , Wuhan University School of Basic Medical Sciences , Wuhan , Hubei , China Changhua Wang Department of Clinical Laboratory , Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University , Wuhan , Hubei , China Si Sun Authors Zhong Wang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Zhiyu Li You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Qi Wu You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Chenyuan Li You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Juanjuan Li You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Yimin Zhang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Changhua Wang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Si Sun You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Shengrong Sun You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Corresponding authors Correspondence to Si Sun or Shengrong Sun . Supplementary information Rights and permissions Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License , which permits use , sharing , adaptation , distribution and reproduction in any medium or format , as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author -LRB- s -RRB- and the source , provide a link to the Creative Commons license , and indicate if changes were made . The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article 's Creative Commons license , unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material . If material is not included in the article 's Creative Commons license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use , you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder . To view a copy of this license , visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ . About this article Cite this article Wang , Z. , Li , Z. , Wu , Q. et al. . DNER promotes epithelial -- mesenchymal transition and prevents chemosensitivity through the Wnt / β-catenin pathway in breast cancer . Cell Death Dis 11 , 642 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . https://doi.org/10.1038/s41419-020-02903-1 Received12 October 2019 Revised02 August 2020 Accepted03 August 2020 Published18 August 2020 DOIhttps : / / doi.org/10.1038/s41419-020-02903-1", "url": "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41419-020-02903-1", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000085830688477}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000085830688477}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03626592400652995, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgKu6WC", "stitle": "Legalized weed headed for November ballot", "seg_title_stem": "Legalized weed head for November ballot", "seg_content": "Backers of a campaign to legalize recreational use of marijuana submitted about 420,000 signatures on petitions recently to put the issue on the November ballot . The filing by Smart and Safe Arizona is far more than the 237,645 valid signatures needed to send the issue to voters . That provides plenty of wiggle room if some of the petitions are declared invalid . But it becomes only the first step in trying to convince Arizonans once again that they want to allow adults to buy and possess up to an ounce of marijuana or 12 plants . A similar measure failed four years ago by about 4 percentage points amid an extensive campaign over whether easier access by adults leads to greater teen use . There also was a fear by employers that it would allow workers to show up on the job stoned . The Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry already has positioned itself to oppose the 2020 measure . Campaign Chairman Chad Campbell said the concern by the business community has been taken into account . He said this year 's version contains specific provisions allowing employers to enact and enforce policies `` restricting the use of marijuana by employees or prospective employees . '' But chamber lobbyist Garrick Taylor pointed out the Arizona Constitution specifically prohibits lawmakers from tinkering with anything voters have approved unless it `` furthers the purpose '' of the underlying initiative . And even then , it takes a three-fourths vote of both the House and Senate . `` We should not pass a new law by initiative that will be impossible to ever change or undo , '' Taylor said . Efforts by some lawmakers to have the legislature address the issue in a way where it could be altered if necessary have gone nowhere , as Republican legislative leaders have refused to even consider legalizing marijuana . Gov. Doug Ducey has hinted in the past that he would veto any attempt to do so . `` I do n't think any state ever got stronger by being stoned , '' the governor said during the 2016 campaign . There was no immediate response from Ducey . A 2010 voter-approved law allows Arizonans with certain medical conditions and a doctor 's recommendation to obtain up to 2 1/2 ounces of marijuana every two weeks . These conditions range from glaucoma and HIV to severe and chronic pain . At last count there were more than 245,000 individuals who were qualified . This measure seeks to follow in the path of 11 states , including California , Nevada and Colorado , where voters or lawmakers have decided that it should no longer be a crime for adults to purchase and use marijuana for recreational purposes . There are some provisions designed to entice backers or blunt opposition . It would impose a 16 % tax on sales , which proponents say would generate $ 300 million a year in new revenues to fund community colleges , public safety , health programs , and construction and repair of roads . There also is a prohibition on sales to anyone younger than 21 . And the measure would bar the sale of marijuana products that resemble humans , animals , insects , fruits , toys or cartoons or sell or advertise marijuana with names or designs that imitate food or drink brands marketed to children . But Lisa James , heading Arizonans for Health and Public Safety , said none of that ensures that items wo n't be marketed to kids . She said the list of what 's prohibited in designs leaves a whole host of what remains legal , like gummies with marijuana in the form of sports cars . James also said it will lead to more accidents as motorists who are high and get behind the wheel . Campbell said the measure contains a ban on driving while impaired . But he conceded there is no technology similar to a breath test that can determine the level of THC , the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana , in someone 's blood . And even if such a device becomes available , there is no standard in the proposal to say that a specific THC level is a presumption of driving impaired , the way someone with a blood-alcohol level is presumed to be driving drunk . Another possible objection could come from the fact that the measure is crafted in a way to pretty much guarantee that the first of the limited number licenses to sell marijuana for recreational use will be given to existing medical marijuana dispensaries . Campbell said that is justified . `` We do n't want a Wild Wild West implementation , '' he said . `` We want proven operators that have operated safely who have established trust with the Department of Health Services and other agencies here , '' Campbell said . He said they `` will be able to hit the ground running and safely and effectively sell this product . '' That preference , however , shows up in who is funding the initiative . Virtually all of the $ 2.77 million reported raised in the most recent campaign filing -- mostly to hire paid circulators -- has come from companies that sell marijuana . More than $ 1 million alone came from Harvest Enterprises , which has been buying up dispensaries and cultivators in Arizona and across the nation . Campbell said there will be opportunities for others , as the number of allowable shops increases due to population growth as well as what he said is a set-aside for `` social equity licensing , '' described as promoting ownership `` from communities disproportionately impacted by the enforcement of previous marijuana laws . ''", "url": "https://www.peoriatimes.com/news/article_6f95542a-dcc7-11ea-81ae-3b4b61ebf8b6.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9506884813308716}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9506884813308716}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.811209233180728, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgLRf6A", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale has breast implants removed : ' I was struggling with minor health issues '", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale have breast implant remove : ' I be struggle with minor health issue '", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale has had her breast implants removed after experiencing unexplained `` minor health issues '' , as she says she now wants to live a `` non-toxic life '' . Ashley Tisdale has had her breast implants removed . The former ` High School Musical ' star has revealed she got her implants removed last winter after experiencing unexplained `` minor health issues '' , and said her goal in getting them taken out was to live a more `` non-toxic life '' and embrace her natural body . In a lengthy Instagram post , Ashley wrote : `` Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . -LRB- sic -RRB- '' The 35-year-old actress has been on a journey of `` self-discovery and self-acceptance '' since undergoing her operation to have the implants removed , but insists she does n't `` regret '' having her chest enhanced . Ashley also used the post to promote her health and wellness website Frenshe , where she hopes to educate others on the importance of living a non-toxic life . She added : `` This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! -LRB- sic -RRB- ''", "url": "https://www.femalefirst.co.uk/lifestyle-fashion/stylenews/ashley-tisdale-breast-implants-removed-struggling-minor-health-issues-1254766.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9878602623939514, "Health": 1.0000100135803223, "Lifestyle": 0.9968938231468201}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9878602623939514, "Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "Lifestyle_Fitness": 0.9968938231468201}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.021790191071773452, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'flashing': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgLb9qL", "stitle": "Touring Tilray : Navigating Canada 's New Marketing and Selling of Medical Cannabis", "seg_title_stem": "tour Tilray : Navigating Canada 's New Marketing and Selling of Medical Cannabis", "seg_content": "-- ByCynthia Belaskie and Lucas Richert We were n't left to wait in the B.C. rain . After presenting our IDs at the security station outside Tilray 's medical cannabis facility in Nanaimo , and once we were confirmed as being on the official `` list , '' it took less than a minute to enter the recently constructed $ 30 million , 65,000 square-foot facility . There were four of us taking the tour of Tilray , one of Canada 's licensed producers of medical marijuana . We were part of a SSHRC-funded conference in the history of drugs and alcohol at Vancouver Island University , and this was one of the activities available to us as participants in the event . Our guide was Philippe Lucas , Vice-President of Patient Services at Tilray . He walked us through the electric gate and led us into a cozy holding room filled with bottles of San Pellegrino , a weigh scale , and a flat screen TV flashing images of the building 's construction . A former city councilor in Victoria , an expert witness on marijuana in Canada , and one-time dispensary owner , Philippe was handsome . He spoke quickly , laughed easily , and possessed an air of mischief , too . Over the past ten years , Philippe has published peer-reviewed articles on cannabis 's therapeutic effects on patients in top academic journals around the world . In particular , as a PhD student at the University of British Columbia , he has been working on a concept called the cannabis substitution theory , which seeks to understand the behaviours and choices of marijuana-using patients in the medical marketplace . Besides this , he helped co-found a Canadian chapter of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies . We deposited our belongings on the leather chairs in the cozy waiting room , leaving our phones and cameras behind , and Philippe explained the building was a Level 9 security complex . Level 10 was reserved for nuclear products and the facility has been described by Charlie Smith as `` a vault wrapped by Fort Knox wrapped in a castle . '' No pictures allowed . No videos , either . With security passes on display around our necks , set off . We engaged in an intricate dance as we tapped in and out of each fortified and sanitized room . Our graceless choreography , made ever more awkward as we stood outside each room and robed and disrobed to prevent contaminating the delicate crops , was all caught on internal security cameras -- lots and lots of cameras , in fact . It is understandable , is n't it ? Just imagine what would happen if this stuff made its way on to the streets . * * It has become clear in the past few months that we 're in the midst of a pot predicament . Canadian citizens , health authorities , law enforcement officials , and elected representatives have a lot to ponder . Public sentiment seems to more or less favour decriminalization and even legalization , depending on the survey . On February 29 , 2016 , the Globe and Mail reported that a majority of Canadians believe pot should be legal . According to a recent Leger poll , not only do 86 per cent of Canadians support regulated access to medical cannabis with physician support , 76 per cent believe that health insurance companies should cover the cost . During his 2015 campaign , Prime Minister Trudeau promised to move forward with legalizing marijuana . By December 2015 , following the election , the Trudeau-led Liberal government described marijuana legalization as a priority during its first `` speech from the throne . '' Months earlier , the Supreme Court enlarged the definition of medical marijuana -- in fact , just weeks before the election was called . The Supreme Court ruling meant that the legal restrictions on extracts and derivatives were gone . Brownies , cookies , teas , chocolate bars , and oils , among various other products , can be substituted for dried cannabis . The Federal Health Minister Rona Ambrose scolded the Supreme Court and told the press that she was `` outraged '' by the ruling . `` Let 's remember , there 's only one authority in Canada that has the authority and the expertise to make a drug into a medicine and that 's Health Canada , '' she said during a news conference . A day after the Supreme Court decision in June , it was announced that Bedrocan and Tweed Marijuana , two of Ontario 's largest medical marijuana firms , would amalgamate in a roughly $ 60-million deal . Bedrocan possessed strengths in clinical research , while Tweed 's consumer-oriented assets made the deal a good fit . As reported by the National Post , the merger was a `` game changer '' and would create a `` dominant domestic player and reshape the fledgling industry . '' It was immediately evident that medical cannabis was very big business for Canada . As the CEO of Tilray , Greg Engel , has written , `` there is enormous potential for Canada to correct the harms caused by cannabis prohibition , generate meaningful tax revenue , protect children and establish this country as a global leader in this rapidly emerging industry . '' * * Philippe Lucas began our tour in Nanaimo above the `` vault , '' the secure space where the packaged medical cannabis is stored and , at any given time , home to $ 35 million worth of product . He told us about Good Production Practices -LRB- GPP -RRB- . He walked us through the process of cultivation and processing , and then showed us a massive 30-foot flowchart that colourfully displayed the operations of the facility : from germination through to harvest , testing and packaging . It was show time . We were given smocks , hairnets , gloves , and booties to wrap around our footwear before entering a grow room . All of this gear had to be donned while standing in a small , yellow square -LRB- clean zone -RRB- , without touching any unsanitized ground . Then , playing a modified version of Twister , the five of us , including Philippe , who insisted on merrily hopping onto the sterile yellow square from five feet away , each tapped our cards to the security monitor . Upon entering the White Widow room , we were struck by the warmth and intense brightness of the room . It was sterile and aromatic . We were like Matt Damon in The Martian , tending to a futuristic moon-based grow-op . The byzantine fertigation system connected filtered water pipes on the wall to each and every separate plant in the chamber . These were the internal arteries of Tilray 's business and we were struck by the absolute lack of dirt . * * In July , 2015 , Health Canada gave growers the green light to begin producing plant-based extracts . Liquids , essentially . Quick off the mark , Tilray announced in early October that it had a broad-based line of 20 cannabis extract products awaiting Health Canada approval and ready to launch . These included oils in liquid form , drops , gel caps and a topical preparation for certain skin conditions . Tilray 's upward trajectory , however , may not be secure as Philippe suggested . In June , Tilray like many of its competitors was hemorrhaging money . It was forced to lay off a substantial part of its workforce , approximately 60 employees -- and this was likely due to the rise of dispensaries in B.C. . In many cases , patients `` do n't want the hassle of seeing a physician '' to get an authorization form . Neighborhood ` mom and pop ' dispensaries that are opening almost daily across the country are often not as stringent as Tilray on ensuring patients have jumped through the required hoops . More than that , patients who promote dispensaries suggest they do n't want to have to wait for their medical cannabis to be shipped from a distant location . Instead , they want a face-to-face interaction . As with traditional pharmacies , they want to build a level of trust in their dispensers ' expertise and advice . They want to be able to see , touch and smell the product before investing . They want to be able to complain if it does n't live up to its claims . This is an experience that just ca n't be replicated when shopping online One response to these market pressures has been the development of Leafly , a mobile app designed for customers to review the various strains -LRB- all of Tilray 's strains have maintained their street names so that the transition from illicit to legal purchasing is a smooth one for the patient -RRB- . Acquired by Privateer Holdings , Tilray 's parent company , in 2012 , Leafly considers itself the `` world 's cannabis information resource . '' Much like TripAdvisor or Yelp provides reviews about tourist traps , restaurants and hotels , Leafly gives information about which strains best target particular symptoms . It provides directions to local dispensaries , links to cultural and political articles in the world of pot , and allows users to compare prices . Privateer Holdings , as a private equity firm , has expanded since its inception in 2011 . Based in Seattle , Washington , it raised $ 75M in funding in April 2015 . To date this is the largest private capital raise in the legal cannabis industry . Privateer owns Tilray and Leafly and recently it acquired Marley Natural , which was run by Cedella Marley -LRB- the famous reggae musician Bob Marley 's daughter -RRB- . Marley Natural has aspirations to be the world 's global cannabis brand . Reaction to this was not all positive and some commentators called it a `` cynical , money-generating move on the part of his estate '' and an effort to turn Marley into the `` Marlboro Man of Marijuana . '' For Cedella , she noted that `` My dad would be so happy to see people understanding the healing power of the herb . '' * * Philippe , one of Canada 's most influential medical marijuana trip advisors , led us back to the waiting room after a fast-paced , hour-and-a-half of conversation inside the Tilray plant . He had just shown us the packaging and shipping room , where the medicine was divvied up and mailed out . By this time we were light-headed . Was it the smell ? The lights ? The staggering amounts of money being discussed ? Having collected our belongings , the entire group cracked a bottled water and plopped down on leather chairs , waiting for a cab to take us back to the hotel . As a group , we remarked about the interesting times we live in , and how medical marijuana was such an ideal topic to explore the evolving Canadian medical marketplace . Philippe went a different route . He guided the conversation back to patients , and the help they might receive through the product . At Tilray , pot is medicine . Yet , at its sister company , Marley Natural , pot is a recreational drug that is pleasurable and promotes a peaceful lifestyle . And over at Leafly it is just another commodity to be rated and reviewed by users with interesting aliases . Pot has a long and subversive history that evidently will not be washed away by changes in legislation and sterile high-tech greenhouses . But does anyone really want pot to be totally clean ? It probably would n't be very good business if it was . Philippe 's phone buzzed , signaling our cab had arrived . As the electric gate rolled open , we expressed how others at our drugs and alcohol conference had missed out on an eye-opening trip . `` Where did they go , instead ? '' Philippe wondered and we indicated that local pubs were the answer . `` Ah , you can get a beer anytime , '' he chuckled as the gate closed behind us . -- Previously published on Activehistory.ca and is republished here under a Creative Commons license . -- *** If you believe in the work we are doing here at The Good Men Project and want to join our calls on a regular basis , please join us as a Premium Member , today . All Premium Members get to view The Good Men Project with NO ADS . Need more info ? A complete list of benefits is here . Talk to you soon . -- Photo credit : iStockphoto.com", "url": "https://goodmenproject.com/culture/touring-tilray-navigating-canadas-new-marketing-and-selling-of-medical-cannabis/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgMhpkL", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://975now.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.35859639689685735, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'insertion': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgMkwon", "stitle": "Sex-specific microRNAs in women with diabetes and left ventricular diastolic dysfunction or HFpEF associate with microvascular injury", "seg_title_stem": "sex-specific microrna in woman with diabetes and leave ventricular diastolic dysfunction or hfpef associate with microvascular injury", "seg_content": "Abstract Left ventricular diastolic dysfunction -LRB- LVDD -RRB- and heart failure with preserved ejection fraction -LRB- HFpEF -RRB- are microcirculation defects following diabetes mellitus -LRB- DM -RRB- . Unrecognized HFpEF is more prevalent in women with diabetes compared to men with diabetes and therefore sex-specific diagnostic strategies are needed . Previously , we demonstrated altered plasma miRs in DM patients with microvascular injury -LSB- defined by elevated plasma Angiopoietin-2 -LRB- Ang-2 -RRB- levels -RSB- . This study hypothesized the presence of sex-differences in plasma miRs and Ang-2 in diabetic -LRB- female -RRB- patients with LVDD or HFpEF . After a pilot study , we assessed 16 plasma miRs in patients with LVDD -LRB- n = 122 -RRB- , controls -LRB- n = 244 -RRB- and female diabetic patients -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- . Subsequently , among these miRs we selected and measured plasma miR-34a , -224 and -452 in diabetic HFpEF patients -LRB- n = 53 -RRB- and controls -LRB- n = 52 -RRB- . In LVDD patients , miR-34a associated with Ang-2 levels -LRB- R2 0.04 , R = 0.21 , p = 0.001 , 95 % CI 0.103 -- 0.312 -RRB- , with plasma levels being diminished in patients with DM , while women with an eGFR < 60 ml/min and LVDD had lower levels of miR-34a , -224 and -452 compared to women without an eGFR < 60 ml/min without LVDD . In diabetic HFpEF women -LRB- n = 28 -RRB- , plasma Ang-2 levels and the X-chromosome located miR-224 / 452 cluster increased compared to men . We conclude that plasma miR-34a , -224 and -452 display an association with the microvascular injury marker Ang-2 and are particularly targeted to women with LVDD or HFpEF . Introduction Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction -LRB- HFpEF -RRB- , and its precursor left ventricular diastolic dysfunction -LRB- LVDD -RRB- , are manifestations of microvascular injury in diabetes patients1 . The pathophysiology of microvascular injury in this patient population is associated with more hospitalization and cardiovascular death2 . Especially women with type 2 diabetes mellitus -LRB- DM -RRB- have a higher prevalence of HFpEF compared to men -LRB- 28 % vs. 18.4 % -RRB- , which often remains undiagnosed until the later stage of the disease3 ,4,5,6,7 . Therefore , the need to develop appropriate diagnostic strategies specific for women is critical , whereby the assessment of plasma microRNA -LRB- miR -RRB- levels could improve the detection of HFpEF and its precursor LVDD following type 2 DM . Previously , we demonstrated that a select subset of circulating angiogenic miRs -LRB- among others miR-126 , miR-130b , miR-223 and miR-660 -RRB- are increased in plasma derived from diabetic nephropathy patients -LRB- both women and men -RRB- and associate with microvascular injury , as defined by elevated plasma levels of Ang-2 levels8 . In addition , we have demonstrated in a review of the literature that the differential expression of -LRB- plasma -RRB- miRs between women and men involves at least two potential mechanisms : -LRB- 1 -RRB- double dosage of X-chromosome located -LRB- X-linked -RRB- miRs due to incomplete X-chromosome inactivation and -LRB- 2 -RRB- estrogen regulation of miR transcription and processing9 . The augmented expression of endothelial X-linked miRs has been established to instigate microcirculation defects9 while higher plasma levels of these miRs have previously been shown to identify microvascular injury in women with other cardiovascular disease phenotypes such as idiopathic atrial fibrillation -LRB- iAF -RRB- 10 . The present study hypothesizes that sex-specific plasma miRs are differentially expressed in -LRB- female -RRB- patients with HFpEF and its precursor LVDD -LRB- in particular in patients with diabetes -RRB- and associate with microvascular injury -LRB- defined by elevated plasma Ang-2 levels -RRB- -LRB- Fig. 1A -RRB- . To test this , we assessed plasma Ang-2 -LRB- a tyrosine-protein kinase -LRB- TIE-2 -RRB- receptor ligand that promotes endothelial activation and destabilization -RRB- and 16 candidate X-chromosome located -LRB- X-linked -RRB- miRs in -LRB- diabetic -RRB- LVDD and -LRB- diabetic -RRB- HFpEF patients . In addition , we performed sex-specific stratification of plasma - Ang-2 and miR level results and logistic regression analysis to assess which clinical characteristics are associated with significant differentially expressed plasma miRs . Results Patient characteristics Asymptomatic LVDD patients -LRB- Maastricht study -RRB- Supplemental Table 1 displays the clinical characteristics of patients with a previous history of preeclampsia and asymptomatic LVDD -LRB- n = 13 -RRB- compared to healthy controls -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- . Women with asymptomatic LVDD had a higher ratio of mitral peak velocity of early filling -LRB- E -RRB- to early diastolic mitral annular velocity -LRB- E ' -RRB- -LRB- E/E ' ratio -RRB- and a higher left atrial volume index -LRB- LAVI -RRB- compared to healthy parous controls . LVDD patients -LRB- HELPFul study -RRB- Table 1 displays the clinical characteristics of diabetic patients with LVDD -LRB- n = 12 -RRB- , derived from the HELPFul cohort , consisting of patients with LVDD -LRB- Supplemental Table 2 -RRB- . The HELPFul cohort is an ongoing case-cohort study at a Dutch cardiology outpatient clinic enrolling patients aged 45 years and older with no prior history of cardiovascular disease , who were referred by the general practitioner for cardiac evaluation11 . Women with LVDD -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- had a higher systolic - and diastolic blood pressure compared to women without LVDD -LRB- Table 1 -RRB- . Table 1 -LRB- Sex-stratified -RRB- clinical characteristics of diabetes mellitus -LRB- DM -RRB- patients with or without LVDD . Full size table HFpEF patients -LRB- UHFO-DM study -RRB- Table 2 displays the clinical characteristics of DM patients with HFpEF -LRB- n = 53 -RRB- . HFpEF women -LRB- n = 28 -RRB- had a higher E/e ' ratio than HFpEF men -LRB- n = 27 -RRB- , while HFpEF men had a higher LAVI and higher plasma levels of circulating brain natriuretic peptides -LRB- BNP -RRB- . Table 2 -LRB- Sex-stratified -RRB- clinical characteristics of diabetes patients with -LRB- N = 53 -RRB- or without HFpEF -LRB- N = 52 -RRB- . Full size table Pilot study identifies candidate miRs that associate with microvascular injury We performed a pilot study to select candidate plasma miRs for plasma profiling in LVDD and HFpEF patients . In this study we assessed plasma levels of -LRB- 1 -RRB- 118 X-chromosome located miRs in healthy women and men -LRB- n = 6 -RRB- -LRB- Supplemental Table 3 -RRB- . Out of differentially expressed miRs , we selected the X-linked miR-660 for further analysis in asymptomatic LVDD and LVDD patients -LRB- Fig. 1B -RRB- . Furthermore , based on our previously published studies into the association of plasma miRs with microvascular injury in diabetic nephropathy8 , idiopathic atrial fibrillation10 and kidney transplant rejection12 as well as a review of the literature of miRs associated with angiogenesis , or their X-linked origin , we selected the following miRs for analysis in the second pilot study : miR-20a , miR-21 , miR-26b , miR-34a , miR-92a , miR-125a , miR-126 , miR-143 , miR-193a , miR-221 , miR-223 , miR-224 , miR-345 , miR-452 -LRB- References can be found in Supplemental Table 4 -RRB- . In the second pilot study , the aforementioned miRs were measured in plasma from women with a previous history of pre-eclampsia and asymptomatic LVDD -LRB- n = 13 , Clinical characteristics in Supplemental Table 1 -RRB- compared to healthy controls -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- to determine a potential association with diastolic dysfunction . We observed that of the measured miRs , only plasma levels of miR-224 -LRB- FC 1.5 , p = 0.03 , 95 % CI 0.095 -- 0.598 -RRB- were increased in women with asymptomatic LVDD -LRB- Supplemental Table 5 and Supplemental Figure 1A -RRB- compared to healthy parous controls . Next , given that women with a history of preeclampsia have an increased risk for microvascular injury and heart failure13 , we assessed whether women with preeclampsia and asymptomatic LVDD indeed display an association with microvascular injury . To that extent we measured markers of microvascular injury in plasma from women with a previous history of pre-eclampsia and asymptomatic LVDD -LRB- n = 13 , Supplemental Table 1 -RRB- As compared to healthy controls -LRB- n = 14 -RRB- , our assessment of Ang-2 , soluble trombomodulin -LRB- sTM -RRB- and soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 -LRB- sFlt-1 -RRB- revealed that only plasma Ang-2 levels were higher in women with a history of preeclampsia and asymptomatic LVDD -LRB- fold change -LRB- FC -RRB- 1.4 , p = 0.02 , 95 % CI 230.5 -- 1,084 -RRB- -LRB- Supplemental Table 5 and Supplemental Figure 1B -RRB- . Finally , we assessed the association between markers of microvascular injury -LRB- Ang-2 , sTM , sFflt-1 -RRB- and plasma miRs and observed moderate positive associations for Ang-2 and miR-34a -LRB- R = 0.36 , FDR adjusted p = 0.02 -RRB- , -224 -LRB- R = 0.32 , FDR adjusted p = 0.03 -RRB- , and miR-452 -LRB- R = 0.39 , FDR adjusted p = 0.01 -RRB- . Similar associations were found for sTM and miR-125a -LRB- R = − 0.38 , FDR adjusted p = 0.01 -RRB- , -126 -LRB- R = − 0.30 , FDR adjusted p = 0.04 -RRB- and miR-143 -LRB- R = − 0.39 , FDR adjusted p = 0.01 -RRB- -LRB- Supplemental Figure 1C -RRB- . Plasma miR-34a in patients with diabetes and LVDD Having identified a differential expression of plasma miR-224 and Ang-2 in women with asymptomatic LVDD , we next aimed to investigate whether patients with LVDD -LRB- Clinical characteristics in Supplemental Table 2 -RRB- also have increased plasma miRs and Ang-2 levels . However , we observed that plasma miRs and Ang-2 were not significantly different in patients with LVDD -LRB- n = 122 -RRB- compared to healthy controls -LRB- n = 244 -RRB- -LRB- data not shown -RRB- . Next , we assessed a potential association between plasma miRs and Ang-2 in patients with LVDD . Interestingly , in the entire cohort of patients with LVDD and controls we found that miR-34a was associated with plasma levels of Ang-2 -LRB- R2 0.04 , R = 0.21 , p = 0.001 , 95 % CI 0.103 -- 0.312 , Fig. 2A -RRB- . Subsequently , we conducted a linear regression analysis to assess which clinical characteristics determine plasma miR-34a in patients with LVDD . This analysis -LRB- Table 3 -RRB- identified that particularly sex -LRB- β = − 0.160 , p value = 0.002 -RRB- and the presence of DM -LRB- β = 0.121 , p value = 0.02 -RRB- were statistically significant determinants of this relationship while an eGFR < 60 ml/min displayed a trend towards an association , although non-significant -LRB- β = − 0.101 , p value = 0.09 -RRB- . Given that the presence of DM was a significant determinant of plasma miR-34a , we assessed plasma levels of miR-34a in patients with diabetes , with or without LVDD -LRB- Table 1 -RRB- and found significant lower plasma levels of miR-34a in diabetic patients with LVDD compared to diabetic patients without LVDD -LRB- FC 1.23 , p = 0.02 , 95 % CI − 0.428 to 0.117 , Fig. 2B -RRB- . Table 3 Multiple linear regression analysis of the association between clinical characteristics and plasma miRs . Full size table Sex-specific plasma miR-34a , -224 and -452 levels in women with an eGFR < 60 ml/min and LVDD In our pilot study in women with asymptomatic LVDD we observed significant correlations between plasma Ang-2 and miR-224 and -452 . Therefore , we used linear regression analysis -LRB- Table 3 -RRB- to investigate if sex could determine plasma miR-34a , -224 and -452 levels in patients with LVDD . We found that indeed sex was a significant determinant of this relationship for miR-34a -LRB- β = − 0.160 , p = 0.002 -RRB- , miR-224 -LRB- β = 0.145 , p = 0.002 -RRB- and miR-452 -LRB- β = 0.165 , p = 0.007 -RRB- . Interestingly , linear regression analysis also demonstrated that an eGFR < 60 ml/min displayed a -LRB- non-significant -RRB- trend as determinant of plasma miR-34a -LRB- β = − 0.101 , p = 0.09 -RRB- , while an eGFR < 60 ml/min could not determine plasma miR-224 -LRB- p = 0.58 -RRB- or miR-452 -LRB- p = 0.11 -RRB- . Subsequently , we assessed differential expression of these miRs in patients with an eGFR < 60 ml/min with or without LVDD -LRB- clinical characteristics in Supplemental Table 6 . Results from this analysis demonstrated that in particular female patients with LVDD with an eGFR < 60 ml/min displayed lower levels of miR-34a -LRB- FC 1.9 , p = 0.03 , CI − 0.737 to − 0,030 , Fig. 2C -RRB- , miR-224 -LRB- FC 1.8 , p = 0.04 , CI − 1.998 to − 0.059 , Fig. 2D -RRB- and miR-452 -LRB- FC 1.5 , p = 0.04 , CI − 1.213 to − 0.039 , Fig. 2E -RRB- compared to female patients with an eGFR < 60 ml/min without LVDD . Plasma Ang-2 and miR-34a , -224 and -452 levels in women with diabetes and HFpEF Next we hypothesized that the phenotypic progression from LVDD to HFpEF in the setting of DM could be associated with pronounced microvascular injury , and increased Ang-2 levels . For this , we measured plasma Ang-2 levels in DM patients with HFpEF -LRB- Table 2 , n = 53 -RRB- . Here , we observed increased levels of plasma Ang-2 -LRB- FC 1.3 , p = 0.02 , 95 % CI 110.5 -- 980.9 , Fig. 2A -RRB- in diabetic women with HFpEF -LRB- n = 28 -RRB- as compared to diabetic women without HFpEF -LRB- n = 27 -RRB- . Next , we selected miR-34a , -224 and -452 based on pilot study results and measured their plasma levels in DM patients with HFpEF compared to DM patients without HFpEF . In diabetic patients -LRB- both women and men -RRB- with HFpEF -LRB- n = 53 -RRB- compared to diabetic patients without HFpEF -LRB- n = 52 -RRB- , we observed no significant differences in miR-224 and -452 levels -LRB- data not shown -RRB- . However , plasma levels of miR-34a displayed a trend towards an increase in diabetic women with HFpEF -LRB- n = 28 -RRB- compared to diabetic women without HFpEF -LRB- n = 27 , FC 1.5 , p = 0.08 , 95 % CI − 0.009 to 0.173 , Fig. 2B -RRB- . In addition , when women with HFpEF -LRB- n = 28 -RRB- were compared to men with HFpEF -LRB- n = 27 -RRB- , the plasma levels of miR-224 -LRB- FC 0.57 , p = 0.04 , 95 % CI − 0.452 to − 0.010 , Fig. 2C -RRB- and miR-452 -LRB- FC 0.58 , p = 0.05 , − 0.539 to − 0.002 , Fig. 2D -RRB- were significantly higher in women versus men with HFpEF . Discussion In this study , our main findings were -LRB- 1 -RRB- decreased levels of miR-34a , -224 and -452 in diabetes patients with LVDD and in female diabetes patients with an eGFR < 60 ml/min but increased plasma miR-224 and miR-452 in diabetic women with HFpEF versus diabetic men with HFpEF ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- regression analysis demonstrated that sex , DM and renal dysfunction are associated with plasma miR-34a levels in patients with LVDD ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- Increased levels of plasma Ang-2 in diabetic women with HFpEF but not in diabetic men with HFpEF . MiRs are extensively involved in manifestations of microvascular injury following type 2 DM14 . In the setting of HFpEF , the X-linked miR-545-5p differentiated HFpEF patients from healthy controls15 while X-linked miR-221 distinguished HFpEF patients from patients with heart failure with a reduced ejection fraction -LRB- HFrEF -RRB- 16 . Nonetheless , statistical analysis of these miR expression results were not stratified for women and men , and the identified miRs were not related to molecular pathways involved in microvascular injury17 . In this study , plasma miR-34a levels were decreased in diabetic patients with LVDD , while miR-34a , -224 and -452 were decreased in diabetic women with LVDD and an eGFR < 60 ml/min . In contrast , miR-34a was increased in diabetic women with HFpEF -LRB- although non-significant -RRB- while miR-224 and -452 were increased in diabetic HFpEF women versus men . This dichotomous outcome in plasma miR-34a levels could indicate different pathophysiological mechanisms of plasma miR release in different phenotypes of diastolic dysfunction . This was previously demonstrated with plasma miRs following different stages of cardiomyocyte remodeling in patients with aortic stenosis18 . It could also indicate that different stages of diastolic dysfunction change the distribution of circulating miRs among plasma carriers like high density lipoprotein -LRB- HDL -RRB- , extracellular vesicles and plasma Argonaute-2 protein , like we previously demonstrated following a phenotypic progression from DM to diabetic nephropathy19 . Therefore , instead of the overall absolute quantity of total plasma miRs , a specific difference in the distribution of miRs among these carriers could potentially provide a better explanation for this dichotomous trend and its relationship to microvascular injury in diastolic dysfunction . Still , regression analysis in this study identified that sex was found to be a statistically significant determinant of plasma miR-34a in LVDD patients . This could potentially explain the observed increase in women as compared to men with HFpEF and suggests a similar sex specific plasma expression pattern as was previously shown for miR-34a20 . Nonetheless , it could also very well be that the small sample size of diabetic women with LVDD -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- has led to his differential expression of plasma miRs . Therefore , additional well powered studies are needed to investigate sex differences in plasma miR trends in different stages of diastolic dysfunction . In this study we observed that women with asymptomatic LVDD as well as diabetic women with HFpEF had higher plasma Ang-2 levels , a finding not present in diabetic women with LVDD . Again , this could be related to the relatively small cohort size of diabetic women with LVDD -LRB- n = 10 -RRB- . Still , higher levels of plasma Ang-2 in the total cohort of LVDD patients and controls -LRB- n = 366 -RRB- were modestly associated with miR-34a which could indicate a possible relevance of this marker for microvascular injury in these patients with LVDD . Higher plasma Ang-2 levels , indicating an association with microvascular injury in HFpEF women , is consistent with studies that demonstrated that coronary microvascular dysfunction is a female specific pathophysiology in HFpEF21 ,22 . In addition , significantly higher plasma levels of miR-224 and -452 were seen in HFpEF women compared to HFpEF men . It could very well be that the X-chromosome origin of both miRs is associated with a differential expression in women only . Previously we reviewed that particularly X-chromosome located miRs instigate microvascular injury phenotypes which could explain why both miRs were higher in HFpEF women together with higher levels of the microvascular injury marker Ang-29 . However additional validation studies are necessary to evaluate this potential . Of the identified plasma miRs in this study , miR-34a is predominantly secreted by adipocytes and promotes a systemic inflammatory state23 . Interestingly , this miR has a well-established myocardial function in women because a targeted myocardial therapy with miR-34a in murine models of myocardial hypertrophy was previously found to reduce cardiac fibrosis and improved cardiac contractility in female mice24 . More evidence for sex-specific downstream effects of this particular miR comes from the fact that it regulates the expression of the long-noncoding RNA X-inactive-specific transcript -LRB- XIST -RRB- , which regulates X-chromosome inactivation in female cells25 . In down regulating the expression of XIST -LRB- which normally mediates X-chromosome inactivation -RRB- , miR-34a could increase the expression of both miR-224 and -452 which are located on a chromosomal cluster on the X-chromosome -LRB- source miRBase version 22 -RRB- . Of the X-linked miR-224 / 452 cluster , which is also predominantly expressed in adipose tissue26 , miR-224 was increased in our pilot study in women with asymptomatic LVDD -LRB- Supplemental Figure 1A -RRB- and in diabetic women with HFpEF versus HFpEF diabetic men , while both miRs were decreased in women with an eGFR < 60 ml/min and the presence of LVDD -LRB- Fig. 2D , E -RRB- . Regarding miR-224 , this miR is known for regulating adipocyte differentiation27 , inflammation28 , and -LRB- micro -RRB- vascular quiescence or activation29 . Also miR-452 has a role in metabolism and inflammation because hyperglycemia regulates miR-452 expression30 and its adipocyte-specific decrease activates a TNF-α induced inflammatory response31 . However , more studies are needed to investigate whether these miRs pinpoint adipocyte dysfunction as a co-contributor to microvascular injury in diabetic women with LVDD or HFpEF . In this study we measured Ang-2 as marker of microvascular injury in patients with HFpEF and LVDD . However , Ang-2 is a single protein biomarker which may not be able to capture -LRB- microvascular -RRB- disease variability in patient populations . Therefore , additional studies are needed to assess additional parameters of endothelial and microvascular function to confirm the presence of microvascular injury over the phenotypic progression from LVDD to HFpEF . Alternatively , a comparative analysis of circulating non-coding RNAs and other protein biomarkers could potentially better capture the different molecular characteristics at the endothelial and cardiomyocyte level upon a systemic inflammation induced microvascular injury phenotype . An interesting approach for such a comparative analysis would be to measure the miR-224 / 452 cluster and Pentraxin-3 , a miR-224 target , involved in the innate immune - and inflammatory response32 , produced in the coronary microcirculation and altered upon left ventricular -LRB- LV -RRB- diastolic dysfunction in patients with HFpEF33 . Such an approach might be further strengthened by adding the measurement of miR-34a , that regulates cardiac contractile function34 , and its gene target Bcl-2 which is pro-fibrotic and known to be involved in the myocardial structural abnormalities of HFpEF as well35 . This could clarify whether the identified plasma miRs in this study indeed pinpoint to adipocyte dysfunction as a pathophysiological substrate for endothelial dysfunction and microvascular injury in -LRB- female -RRB- patients HFpEF and LVDD . Materials and methods Ethics and approval This study complied with the ethical principles of the Declaration of Helsinki and was conducted following approval by the Institutional Review Board of the Maastricht University Medical Center -LRB- MUMC -RRB- , Utrecht University Medical Center -LRB- UMCU -RRB- and the Leiden University Medical Center -LRB- LUMC -RRB- . All patients provided written informed consent . Study designs Maastricht study Women with a history of preeclampsia -LRB- PE -RRB- were evaluated routinely for cardiovascular function at approximately 1 year postpartum . For this study , those women who were at least 4 years postpartum were invited by mail to participate in a second follow-up cardiovascular assessment . PE was diagnosed according to the criteria set by the International Society of Hypertension in Pregnancy : new-onset hypertension , systolic blood pressure -LRB- SBP -RRB- ≥ 140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure -LRB- DBP -RRB- ≥ 90 mmHg , after 20 weeks ' gestation and proteinuria exceeding 0.3 g/day36 . HELPFul study Study design and procedures of the `` Discovery of biomarkers for the presence and progression of left ventricular diastolic dysfunction and HEart faiLure with Preserved ejection Fraction in patients at risk for cardiovascular disease '' -LRB- HELPFul -RRB- study have been published in more detail11 . Briefly , HELPFul is a Dutch case-cohort in which patients from the UMCU participated who were referred by their GP for a diagnostic cardiac assessment . Patients who had a previous cardiac intervention , or who were known with congenital cardiac disease were excluded from participation . Patients that had a ratio of the peak early -LRB- E -RRB- diastolic filling velocity and early diastolic mitral annular velocity -LRB- e ′ -RRB- -LRB- average of septal and lateral -RRB- -LRB- E/e ′ -RRB- ≥ 8 with tissue Doppler echocardiography were considered to have a higher probability of having LVDD . ` Cohort ' patients were randomly sampled from all patients aged 45 years or older , striving to include 25 % of eligible participants . Information on co-morbidities , medical history , and medication use was collected . The diagnostic work-up further consisted of physical examination , blood testing of standard cardiovascular biomarkers , electrocardiogram -LRB- ECG -RRB- , bicycle exercise-ECG , and transthoracic echocardiogram . A structured case record form was used to assess symptoms suggestive of cardiac pathology . Hypertension was determined by -LRB- 1 -RRB- self-reporting , -LRB- 2 -RRB- use of blood pressure lowering medication , or -LRB- 3 -RRB- a mean -LRB- of at least two measurements -RRB- systolic blood pressure > 140 mmHg at the outpatient center . Type 2 diabetes was determined by self-reporting or use of blood glucose lowering medication . Hypercholesterolemia was determined by self-reporting or use of lipid-lowering medication . Atrial fibrillation was determined by self-reporting or atrial fibrillation on ECG at the outpatient center . Body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- was calculated from dividing weight -LRB- kg -RRB- by squared height in meters -LRB- m2 -RRB- . Waist to hip ratio was calculated from dividing waist circumference -LRB- cm -RRB- by hip circumference -LRB- cm -RRB- . The estimated glomerular filtration rate -LRB- eGFR -RRB- was calculated from both creatinine and cystatin-c with the validated CKD-EPI formula37 . UHFO-DM study UHFO-DM is a prospective diagnostic efficiency study from the UMCU38 . Patients aged 60 years and over with diabetes type 2 , enlisted with the diabetes service of the Center for Diagnostic Support in Primary Care -LRB- SHL -RRB- , Etten-Leur were eligible . This was a representative sample of all patients with diabetes type 2 registered with a general practitioner . The standard care of the diabetes service consists of periodically serum glucose and HbA1c assessment and yearly monitoring of other laboratory parameters and fundoscopy , to help the general practitioners with the management of patients with diabetes . Furthermore , the SHL provides a supporting service to the general practitioners of diabetic nurses , who work according to the current diabetes guidelines . In total 561 general practitioners in the region make use of the services of the Diabetic service of the SHL , with 48,175 patients with type 2 diabetes enlisted in the SHL service . In total , 100 nurse practitioners from the SHL support more than 200 general practitioners -LRB- GPs -RRB- in their work for diabetic patients . A random sample of approximately 1,200 patients were enlisted within the SHL diabetic service database and when living within 60 km of the cardiology outpatient department of the Oosterschelde hospital in Goes they were asked to participate in the study . To prevent duplicate investigations , patients known with a cardiologist-confirmed diagnosis of heart failure , were only asked to fill out the questionnaires . They also were asked for permission to scrutinize their medical files for co-morbidities and date of diagnosis of heart failure . Echocardiography Echocardiography measurements were carried out as previously described13 and performed in accordance with the recommendation of the American Society of Echocardiography -LRB- ASE -RRB- 39 . Echocardiographic measurements were made using a phased‐array echocardiographic Doppler system -LRB- Vivid 7 , GE Vingmed Ultrasound , Horten , Norway -RRB- . Left ventricular end‐diastolic -LRB- LVEDd -RRB- , end‐systolic -LRB- LVESd -RRB- diameters -LRB- mm -RRB- , end‐diastolic interventricular septum thickness -LRB- IVST ; mm -RRB- and the posterior -LRB- inferolateral -RRB- wall thickness -LRB- PWT ; mm -RRB- were measured using the M‐mode in the parasternal long‐axis view . Left ventricular mass -LRB- LVM ; g -RRB- was determined using the formula 0.8 × -LRB- 1.04 -LRB- -LRB- LVEDd + PWT + IVST -RRB- 3 − -LRB- LVEDd -RRB- 3 -RRB- -RRB- + 0.6 , indexed for body surface area40 . Relative wall thickness -LRB- RWT -RRB- was computed using the formula -LRB- 2 × PWT -RRB- / LVEDd -RRB- 40 . Left ventricular end‐diastolic -LRB- LVEDV , mL -RRB- and end‐systolic -LRB- LVESV , mL -RRB- volumes were determined using the Teichholz formula41 . Heart rate -LRB- HR , bpm -RRB- was calculated by multiplying by 60 the reciprocal of the mean of five consecutive RR intervals on the electrocardiogram while -LRB- -LRB- LVEDV -- LVESV -RRB- / -LRB- LVEDV -RRB- -RRB- × 100 was used to calculate left ventricular ejection fraction -LRB- LVEF , % -RRB- . Stroke volume -LRB- SV , mL -RRB- was computed by taking the product of VTI and mid‐systolic cross‐sectional area -LRB- cm2 -RRB- at the level of the left ventricular outflow tract in the parasternal long‐axis view . Mean aortic velocity time integral -LRB- VTI , cm -RRB- was calculated by averaging the outer edge tracings of five consecutive continuous wave Doppler registrations of the left ventricular outflow tract velocity . Cardiac output -LRB- CO , L/min -RRB- was calculated by multiplying SV by HR . The E/A ratio is the ratio of the early -LRB- E -RRB- to late -LRB- A -RRB- ventricular filling velocities while E/E ' is the ratio of mitral peak velocity of early filling -LRB- E -RRB- to early diastolic mitral annular velocity -LRB- E ' -RRB- . Using tissue doppler -LRB- TD -RRB- , early -LRB- e ' -RRB- diastolic velocities were assessed at the septal and lateral insertion of the annulus of mitral valve . Assessments were executed offline using EchoPAC PC SW -LRB- GE Vingmed Ultrasound -RRB- version 6.1.2 . Adjudication of diagnosis of asymptomatic LVDD -LRB- Maastricht study -RRB- , LVDD -LRB- HELPFul study -RRB- and HFpEF -LRB- UHFO-DM study -RRB- Maastricht study Asymptomatic LVDD -LRB- heart failure stage B -RRB- was diagnosed according to the guidelines of the American Heart Association42 . Asymptomatic LVDD was defined as the presence of previous myocardial infarction , LV hypertrophy -LRB- left ventricular mass index -LRB- LVMi -RRB- > 95 g/m2 -RRB- , concentric remodeling -LRB- RWT > 0.42 and LVMi ≤ 95 g/m2 -RRB- , mildly impaired LVEF -LRB- > 40 % and < 55 % -RRB- or asymptomatic valvular disease40 . We defined asymptomatic valvular disease as mild aortic valve insufficiency or central aortic valve insufficiency . HF with preserved ejection fraction -LRB- HFpEF -RRB- in this subclinical stage was defined as LVEF ≥ 55 % but with the occurrence of one of the other criteria for asymptomatic LVDD40 . HELPFul study We applied consensus diagnosis for LVDD with an expert panel consisting of cardiologists -LRB- RM , MJC , AT -RRB- and a general practitioner specialized in heart failure -LRB- FR -RRB- . This method is comparable to previous studies43 ,44 . The expert panel used all available diagnostic information , including patient reported symptoms , risk factors , electrocardiography , echocardiography , results from the exercise test , -LRB- cardiovascular -RRB- medication use and plasma B-type natriuretic -LRB- BNP -RRB- levels . The panel based the diagnosis of LVDD on available diastolic function criteria and recommended cut-points of recent international guidelines45 ,46,47 . The panel categorized patients into four groups ; no LVDD , possible LVDD , probable LVDD , and definite LVDD . For the purpose of this study , we combined probable LVDD with definite LVDD into ` LVDD ' , and no LVDD and possible LVDD into ` no LVDD ' . UHFO-DM study Presence or absence of HF was determined by an outcome panel consisting of two cardiologists and one GP38 . The panel used all available information from the diagnostic work-up , including echocardiography , but except the NT-proBNP results -LRB- to prevent incorporation bias pertaining to this particular test -RRB- . In case of no consensus the majority decision was used . For HFpEF patients had to have echocardiographic diastolic abnormalities in combination with indicative symptoms and signs -LRB- that is , peripheral or pulmonary fluid retention or raised jugular venous pressure -RRB- of heart failure or indicative symptoms and echocardiographic left ventricular hypertrophy , atrial fibrillation , or anginal complaints . RNA isolation Plasma RNA was isolated from 200μL human plasma with 800μL Trizol reagent -LRB- Invitrogen , Breda , the Netherlands -RRB- using the RNeasy Micro Kit -LRB- Qiagen , 1082 Venlo , the Netherlands -RRB- as described previously19 . Briefly , chloroform was added to the plasma/Trizol mixture and centrifuged for 15 min at 15,000 g . The aqueous phase was combined with 1.5 × the volume of 100 % Ethanol , conveyed to a MinElute Spin column -LRB- Qiagen -RRB- and centrifuged for 15 s at 18.000 g. Subsequently the RNA was washed with 700 μL RWT buffer , twice with 500 μL RPE buffer and centrifuged for 15 s at 18000g after the first two washing steps and 2 min at 18,000 g after the last washing step . Finally , RNA was eluted with 15 μL RNase-free water . MicroRNA profiling For miR cDNA synthesis , reverse transcription of total RNA was performed using the miR reverse transcription kit -LRB- Applied Biosystems , Foster City , CA -RRB- . cDNA was preamplified using Megaplex PreAmp primers pools according to the protocol of the manufacturer . For the pilot study custom designed megaplex cards were generated to determine the expression of 118 X-chromosome located miRs , 2 Y-chromosome located miRs , a selected set of 48 microvacular injury associated miRNAs8 ,12 and U6 and miR-16 as controls . Megaplex arrays were run and analyzed on a 7900HT Fast Real-Time PCR System -LRB- Applied Biosystems -RRB- . In the main patient studies , expression of individual miRNAs was detected by dedicated TaqMan qRT-PCR assays as previously described8 . After comparison of miR-16 en U6 Ct-values and their respective standard deviation -LRB- SD -RRB- in asymptomatic LVDD patients , LVDD patients and HFpEF patients , we choose to normalize miR expression results using expression levels of miR-1613 . ELISA In the Maastricht cohort , plasma soluble Flt-1 -LRB- sFlt-1 -RRB- , thrombomodulin -LRB- sTM -RRB- and Angiopoietin -LRB- Ang-2 -RRB- concentrations were determined by ELISA -LRB- R&D System s , Minneapolis , MN and Diaclone Research , Besancon , France -RRB- according to the manufacturers ' supplied protocols . In the HELPFul and UHFO-DM cohort plasma Ang-2 concentration was determined by ELISA -LRB- R&D System s , Minneapolis , MN and Diaclone Research , Besancon , France -RRB- according to the manufacturers ' supplied protocols . Data analyses Baseline characteristics are presented as mean ± standard deviation -LRB- SD -RRB- , while non-normally distributed data is presented as median with interquartile range -LRB- IQR -RRB- and categorical data is presented as frequency with percentage . Differences between groups were compared using a Pearson Chi-square test or a student T-test , depending on the distribution of and type of variable . MiRNA-expression values are presented as mean ± standard error of the mean -LRB- SEM -RRB- and group differences were assessed using a student 's T-test . To account for the effect of age we also assessed differences of miRNA expression values between groups with one-way analysis of covariance -LRB- ANCOVA -RRB- , adjusting for age . Correlations between variables were calculated using the Spearman rank correlation while p values were adjusted with multiple testing through FDR with Benjamini Hochberg correction . In the linear regression model , a simultaneous method of entry was used in which plasma miRs were selected as dependent variables while age , sex , eGFR , hypertension , diabetes mellitus and obesity as independent variables . A p value < 0.05 was considered to be statistically significant . Data analysis was performed using SPSS version 20.0 -LRB- SPSS , Inc. , Chicago , IL -RRB- and GraphPad Prism , version 5.0 -LRB- GraphPad Prism Software , Inc. , San Diego , CA -RRB- . Abbreviations MiR : MicroRNA HFpEF : Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction HFrEF : Heart failure with a reduced ejection fraction LVDD : Left ventricular diastolic dysfunction DM : Diabetes mellitus X-linked : X-chromosome located XIST : X-inactive-specific transcript Ang-2 : Angiopoietin-2 sFlt-1 : Plasma soluble Flt-1 sTM : Plasma soluble thrombomodulin PE : Preeclampsia SBP : Systolic blood pressure DBP : Diastolic blood pressure GP : General practitioner ECG : Electrocardiogram BMI : Body mass index GFR : Glomerular filtration rate LVEDd : Left ventricular end‐diastolic diameter LVESd : Left ventricular end‐systolic diameter IVST : Interventricular septum thickness PWT : Posterior -LRB- inferolateral -RRB- wall thickness LVM : Left ventricular mass -LRB- LVM ; g -RRB- was determined using the formula RWT : Relative wall thickness HR : Heart rate CO : Cardiac output TD : Tissue doppler References 1 . Tromp , J. et al. . Microvascular disease in patients with diabetes with heart failure and reduced ejection versus preserved ejection fraction . Diabetes Care https://doi.org/10.2337/dc18-2515 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 2 . Sandesara , P. B. et al. . The prognostic significance of diabetes and microvascular complications in patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction . Diabetes Care 41 , 150 -- 155 . https://doi.org/10.2337/dc17-0755 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 3 . Lam , C. S. et al. . Sex differences in clinical characteristics and outcomes in elderly patients with heart failure and preserved ejection fraction : the Irbesartan in Heart Failure with Preserved Ejection Fraction -LRB- I-PRESERVE -RRB- trial . Circ . Heart Fail . 5 , 571 -- 578 . https://doi.org/10.1161/circheartfailure.112.970061 -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . 4 . Beale , A. L. , Meyer , P. , Marwick , T. H. , Lam , C. S. P. & Kaye , D. M. Sex differences in cardiovascular pathophysiology : why women are overrepresented in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction . Circulation 138 , 198 -- 205 . https://doi.org/10.1161/circulationaha.118.034271 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 5 . Shah , S. J. et al. . Phenomapping for novel classification of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction . Circulation 131 , 269 -- 279 . https://doi.org/10.1161/circulationaha.114.010637 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . 6 . Kao , D. P. et al. . Characterization of subgroups of heart failure patients with preserved ejection fraction with possible implications for prognosis and treatment response . Eur . J. Heart Fail . 17 , 925 -- 935 . https://doi.org/10.1002/ejhf.327 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . 7 . Boonman-de Winter , L. J. et al. . High prevalence of previously unknown heart failure and left ventricular dysfunction in patients with type 2 diabetes . Diabetologia 55 , 2154 -- 2162 . https://doi.org/10.1007/s00125-012-2579-0 -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . 8 . Bijkerk , R. et al. . Circulating microRNAs associate with diabetic nephropathy and systemic microvascular damage and normalize after simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation . Am . J. Transpl . 15 , 1081 -- 1090 . https://doi.org/10.1111/ajt.13072 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 9 . Florijn , B. W. , Bijkerk , R. , van der Veer , E. P. & van Zonneveld , A. J. Gender and cardiovascular disease : are sex-biased microRNA networks a driving force behind heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in women ? . Cardiovasc . Res . 114 , 210 -- 225 . https://doi.org/10.1093/cvr/cvx223 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 10 . Dudink , E. et al. . Vascular calcification and not arrhythmia in idiopathic atrial fibrillation associates with sex differences in diabetic microvascular injury miRNA profiles . Microrna 8 , 127 -- 134 . https://doi.org/10.2174/2211536608666181122125208 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 11 . Valstar , G. B. et al. . Discovery of biomarkers for the presence and progression of left ventricular diastolic dysfunction and HEart faiLure with preserved ejection fraction in patients at risk for cardiovascular disease : rationale and design of the HELPFul case-cohort study in a Dutch cardiology outpatient clinic . BMJ Open 9 , e028408 . https://doi.org/10.1136/bmjopen-2018-028408 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 12 . Bijkerk , R. et al. . Acute rejection after kidney transplantation associates with circulating MicroRNAs and vascular injury . Transpl . Direct 3 , e174 . https://doi.org/10.1097/txd.0000000000000699 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 13 . Breetveld , N. M. et al. . Decreased endothelial function and increased subclinical heart failure in women several years after pre-eclampsia . Ultrasound Obstet . Gynecol . 52 , 196 -- 204 . https://doi.org/10.1002/uog.17534 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 14 . Zhang , Y. , Sun , X. , Icli , B. & Feinberg , M. W. Emerging roles for micrornas in diabetic microvascular disease : novel targets for therapy . Endocr . Rev. 38 , 145 -- 168 . https://doi.org/10.1210/er.2016-1122 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 15 . Wong , L. L. et al. . Circulating microRNAs in heart failure with reduced and preserved left ventricular ejection fraction . Eur . J. Heart Fail . 17 , 393 -- 404 . https://doi.org/10.1002/ejhf.223 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . 16 . Watson , C. J. et al. . MicroRNA signatures differentiate preserved from reduced ejection fraction heart failure . Eur . J. Heart Fail . 17 , 405 -- 415 . https://doi.org/10.1002/ejhf.244 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . 17 . microRNAs as part of the puzzle . Rech , M. , Barandiaran Aizpurua , A. , van Empel , V. , van Bilsen , M. & Schroen , B. Pathophysiological understanding of HFpEF . Cardiovasc . Res . 114 , 782 -- 793 . https://doi.org/10.1093/cvr/cvy049 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 18 . Fabiani , I. et al. . MicroRNAs distribution in different phenotypes of aortic stenosis . Sci . Rep. 8 , 9953 . https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-018-28246-8 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 19 . Florijn , B. W. et al. . Diabetic nephropathy alters the distribution of circulating angiogenic miRNAs between extracellular vesicles , HDL and Ago-2 . Diabetes https://doi.org/10.2337/db18-1360 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 20 . Guo , L. , Zhang , Q. , Ma , X. , Wang , J. & Liang , T. miRNA and mRNA expression analysis reveals potential sex-biased miRNA expression . Sci . Rep. 7 , 39812 . https://doi.org/10.1038/srep39812 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 21 . Taqueti , V. R. et al. . Coronary microvascular dysfunction and future risk of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction . Eur . Heart J. 39 , 840 -- 849 . https://doi.org/10.1093/eurheartj/ehx721 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 22 . Nelson , M. D. , Wei , J. & Bairey Merz , C. N. Coronary microvascular dysfunction and heart failure with preserved ejection fraction as female-pattern cardiovascular disease : the chicken or the egg ? . Eur . Heart J. 39 , 850 -- 852 . https://doi.org/10.1093/eurheartj/ehx818 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 23 . Pan , Y. et al. . Adipocyte-secreted exosomal microRNA-34a inhibits M2 macrophage polarization to promote obesity-induced adipose inflammation . J. Clin . Investig . 129 , 834 -- 849 . https://doi.org/10.1172/jci123069 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 24 . Bernardo , B. C. et al. . Sex differences in response to miRNA-34a therapy in mouse models of cardiac disease : identification of sex - , disease - and treatment-regulated miRNAs . J. Physiol . 594 , 5959 -- 5974 . https://doi.org/10.1113/jp272512 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . 25 . Shenoda , B. B. et al. miR-34a-mediated regulation of XIST in female cells under inflammation . J. Pain Res . 11 , 935 -- 945 . https://doi.org/10.2147/jpr.S159458 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 26 . Ludwig , N. et al. . Distribution of miRNA expression across human tissues . Nucleic Acids Res . 44 , 3865 -- 3877 . https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gkw116 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . 27 . Zhang , Y. , Wang , Y. , Wang , H. , Ma , X. & Zan , L. MicroRNA-224 impairs adipogenic differentiation of bovine preadipocytes by targeting LPL . Mol . Cell Probes 44 , 29 -- 36 . https://doi.org/10.1016/j.mcp.2019.01.005 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 28 . Qi , R. et al. . MicroRNA-224-5p regulates adipocyte apoptosis induced by TNFalpha via controlling NF-kappaB activation . J. Cell Physiol . 233 , 1236 -- 1246 . https://doi.org/10.1002/jcp.25992 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 29 . Xu , H. M. , Sui , F. H. , Sun , M. H. & Guo , G. L. Downregulated microRNA-224 aggravates vulnerable atherosclerotic plaques and vascular remodeling in acute coronary syndrome through activation of the TGF-beta/Smad pathway . J. Cell Physiol . 234 , 2537 -- 2551 . https://doi.org/10.1002/jcp.26945 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 30 . Tryggestad , J. B. et al. . Influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on human umbilical vein endothelial cell miRNA . Clin . Sci . -LRB- Lond . -RRB- 130 , 1955 -- 1967 . https://doi.org/10.1042/cs20160305 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 31 . Uchiyama , T. et al. . Intermittent hypoxia up-regulates CCL2 , RETN , and TNFalpha mRNAs in adipocytes via down-regulation of miR-452 . Int . J. Mol . Sci . 20 , 10 -- 20 . https://doi.org/10.3390/ijms20081960 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 32 . Kaess , B. M. & Vasan , R. S. Heart failure : pentraxin 3-a marker of diastolic dysfunction and HF ? . Nat . Rev. Cardiol . 8 , 246 -- 248 . https://doi.org/10.1038/nrcardio.2011.50 -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . 33 . Matsubara , J. et al. . Pentraxin 3 is a new inflammatory marker correlated with left ventricular diastolic dysfunction and heart failure with normal ejection fraction . J. Am . Coll . Cardiol . 57 , 861 -- 869 . https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jacc.2010.10.018 -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . 34 . Boon , R. A. et al. . MicroRNA-34a regulates cardiac ageing and function . Nature 495 , 107 -- 110 . https://doi.org/10.1038/nature11919 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . 35 . Dong , S. et al. microRNA-21 promotes cardiac fibrosis and development of heart failure with preserved left ventricular ejection fraction by up-regulating Bcl-2 . Int . J. Clin . Exp . Pathol . 7 , 565 -- 574 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 36 . Brown , M. A. , Lindheimer , M. D. , de Swiet , M. , Van Assche , A. & Moutquin , J. M . The classification and diagnosis of the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy : statement from the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy -LRB- ISSHP -RRB- . Hypertens Pregnancy 20 , IX -- XIV . https://doi.org/10.1081/prg-100104165 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . 37 . Inker , L. A. et al. . Estimating glomerular filtration rate from serum creatinine and cystatin C. N. Engl . J. Med . 367 , 20 -- 29 . https://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa1114248 -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . 38 . Boonman-de Winter , L. J. et al. . Early recognition of heart failure in patients with diabetes type 2 in primary care . A prospective diagnostic efficiency study -LRB- UHFO-DM2 -RRB- . BMC Public Health 9 , 479 . https://doi.org/10.1186/1471-2458-9-479 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . 39 . Sahn , D. J. , DeMaria , A. , Kisslo , J. & Weyman , A. Recommendations regarding quantitation in M-mode echocardiography : results of a survey of echocardiographic measurements . Circulation 58 , 1072 -- 1083 . https://doi.org/10.1161/01.cir.58.6.1072 -LRB- 1978 -RRB- . 40 . Lang , R. M. et al. . Recommendations for chamber quantification : a report from the American Society of Echocardiography 's Guidelines and Standards Committee and the Chamber Quantification Writing Group , developed in conjunction with the European Association of Echocardiography , a branch of the European Society of Cardiology . J. Am . Soc . Echocardiogr . 18 , 1440 -- 1463 . https://doi.org/10.1016/j.echo.2005.10.005 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 41 . Teichholz , L. E. , Kreulen , T. , Herman , M. V. & Gorlin , R. Problems in echocardiographic volume determinations : echocardiographic-angiographic correlations in the presence of absence of asynergy . Am . J. Cardiol . 37 , 7 -- 11 . https://doi.org/10.1016/0002-9149 -LRB- 76 -RRB- 90491-4 -LRB- 1976 -RRB- . 42 . Jessup , M. et al. 2009 focused update : ACCF/AHA Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Management of Heart Failure in Adults : a report of the American College of Cardiology Foundation/American Heart Association Task Force on Practice Guidelines : developed in collaboration with the International Society for Heart and Lung Transplantation . Circulation 119 , 1977 -- 2016 . https://doi.org/10.1161/circulationaha.109.192064 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 43 . van Mourik , Y. et al. . Unrecognized heart failure and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -LRB- COPD -RRB- in frail elderly detected through a near-home targeted screening strategy . J. Am . Board Fam . Med . 27 , 811 -- 821 . https://doi.org/10.3122/jabfm.2014.06.140045 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 44 . van Riet , E. E. et al. . Strategy to recognize and initiate treatment of chronic heart failure in primary care -LRB- STRETCH -RRB- : a cluster randomized trial . BMC Cardiovasc . Disord . 14 , 1 . https://doi.org/10.1186/1471-2261-14-1 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . 45 . Nagueh , S. F. et al. . Recommendations for the evaluation of left ventricular diastolic function by echocardiography : an update from the American Society of Echocardiography and the European Association of Cardiovascular Imaging . J. Am . Soc . Echocardiogr . 29 , 277 -- 314 . https://doi.org/10.1016/j.echo.2016.01.011 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 46 . Ponikowski , P. et al. 2016 ESC Guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic heart failure : the task force for the diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic heart failure of the European Society of Cardiology -LRB- ESC -RRB- Developed with the special contribution of the Heart Failure Association -LRB- HFA -RRB- of the ESC . Eur . Heart J. 37 , 2129 -- 2200 . https://doi.org/10.1093/eurheartj/ehw128 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 47 . Pieske , B. et al. . How to diagnose heart failure with preserved ejection fraction : the HFA-PEFF diagnostic algorithm : a consensus recommendation from the Heart Failure Association -LRB- HFA -RRB- of the European Society of Cardiology -LRB- ESC -RRB- . Eur . Heart J. 40 , 3297 -- 3317 . https://doi.org/10.1093/eurheartj/ehz641 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Acknowledgements This work was supported by grants from the Dutch Heart Foundation -LRB- Queen of Hearts : Improving diagnosis of CVD in women 2013T084 to A.J.V.Z and B.W.F. -RRB- ; CVON RECONNECT to A.J.V.Z ; and the Dutch Kidney Foundation -LRB- Innovation grant 14OIP13 to A.J.V.Z , Junior Kolff grant 16OKG16 to R.B. -RRB- and The European Fund for the Study of Diabetes -LRB- EFSD/BI -RRB- . The first and second -LRB- HELPFul -RRB- cohort were made possibly by funding from the Dutch Heart Foundation 2013T084 -LRB- Queen of Hearts -RRB- and the second author -LRB- GV -RRB- is supported by Dutch Heart Foundation Grant CVON2014-11 RECONNECT . Author information Affiliations Department of Internal Medicine -LRB- Nephrology -RRB- , Leiden University Medical Center , Leiden , The Netherlands Barend W. Florijn , Jacques M. G. J. Duijs , Roel Bijkerk & Anton Jan van Zonneveld Einthoven Laboratory for Vascular and Regenerative Medicine , Leiden University Medical Center , Leiden , The Netherlands Barend W. Florijn , Jacques M. G. J. Duijs , Roel Bijkerk & Anton Jan van Zonneveld Julius Center for Health Sciences and Primary Care , University Medical Center Utrecht , Utrecht University , Utrecht , The Netherlands Gideon B. Valstar & Frans H. Rutten Division of Heart and Lungs , Department of Cardiology , University Medical Center Utrecht , University of Utrecht , Utrecht , The Netherlands Gideon B. Valstar , Roxana Menken , Maarten J. Cramer , Arco J. Teske , Frans H. Rutten & Hester M. den Ruijter Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology , Research School GROW , Maastricht University Medical Center , Maastricht , The Netherlands Chahinda Ghossein-Doha & Marc E. A. Spaanderman Authors Barend W. Florijn You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Gideon B. Valstar You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Jacques M. G. J. Duijs You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Roxana Menken You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Maarten J. Cramer You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Arco J. Teske You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Chahinda Ghossein-Doha You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Frans H. Rutten You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Marc E. A. Spaanderman You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Hester M. den Ruijter You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Roel Bijkerk You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Anton Jan van Zonneveld You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Contributions B.W.F. contributed to the conception and design of the work ; the acquisition , analysis , and interpretation of data , and wrote the manuscript . G.B.V. contributed to the analysis , and interpretation of data . J.M.G.J.D. contributed to the acquisition and interpretation of data . R.M. , M.J.C. , A.J.T. , C.G.D. , F.H.R. , M.E.A.S. , and H.Md.R . contributed to the discussion and reviewed the manuscript . A.J.V.Z. and R.B. reviewed and edited the manuscript and provided final approval of the version to be published . A.J.V.Z. and R.B. are guarantors of this work , had full access to all the data in the study and bear responsibility for the integrity of the data and the accuracy of the data analyses . Corresponding author Correspondence to Barend W. Florijn . Rights and permissions Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License , which permits use , sharing , adaptation , distribution and reproduction in any medium or format , as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author -LRB- s -RRB- and the source , provide a link to the Creative Commons license , and indicate if changes were made . The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article 's Creative Commons license , unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material . If material is not included in the article 's Creative Commons license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use , you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder . To view a copy of this license , visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ . About this article Cite this article Florijn , B.W. , Valstar , G.B. , Duijs , J.M.G.J. et al. . Sex-specific microRNAs in women with diabetes and left ventricular diastolic dysfunction or HFpEF associate with microvascular injury . Sci Rep 10 , 13945 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-70848-8 Received07 April 2020 Accepted04 August 2020 Published18 August 2020 DOIhttps : / / doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-70848-8", "url": "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-020-70848-8", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgNPzZq", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://z1073.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008624042263743113, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgNT101", "stitle": "Cannabis E-Commerce Platform Dutchie Raises $ 35 Million , Former Starbucks CEO Among Investors", "seg_title_stem": "cannabis e-commerce platform Dutchie raise $ 35 Million , Former Starbucks CEO among Investors", "seg_content": "Cannabis e-commerce platform Dutchie is celebrating its third birthday with a big infusion of cash from some even bigger investors . The cannabis technology startup now boasts former Starbucks Chairman and CEO Howard Schultz as an investor after landing a $ 35 million Series B round Tuesday . The round , which brings Dutchie 's total funding to $ 53 million to-date , closed weeks after the company celebrated its third year of business in July . `` We are a young company , but things are moving really fast , '' CEO and co-founder Ross Lipson said . `` We 've really set some lofty goals for ourselves and shared with investors and have been able to execute . '' This round of funding was led by Thrive Capital , with participation from a spate of old and new investors including Snoop Dogg 's VC firm Casa Verde Capital , Gron Ventures , Kevin Durant 's Thirty Five Ventures , and , of course , the coffee bean billionaire himself , Schultz . Schultz did not respond to requests for comment , but Lipson said he was looking forward to tapping into Schultz 's mastery of retail at scale and leadership vision . Brothers Ross Lipson -LRB- left -RRB- and Zach Lipson co-founded cannabis online marketplace Dutchie . -LRB- Photo courtesy : Dutchie -RRB- `` He has a knack for leadership and big picture vision and understanding how to set a lofty goal and execute on it . It 's a very unique perspective he has after scaling a global and iconic brand like Starbucks , so I 'm really excited to understand more about how he ran his organization from a leadership standpoint and big picture vision , '' he said . Dutchie is an online cannabis marketplace Lipson once described to Cheddar as `` Shopify meets DoorDash . '' Shoppers can either browse local cannabis shops and products on Dutchie.com , or shop directly on their favorite shops ' websites with a Dutchie-powered menu . The company integrated with digital payments provider Hypur in May to bring contactless payments to its some 1,300 dispensary customers nationwide . The platform has seen substantial growth amid the COVID-19 pandemic as more cannabis companies turn to technology to accommodate changing customer preferences and operational restrictions . Dutchie has added about 650 dispensary or retail shop partners since March -- about 200 since mid-May -- and now has a presence in roughly 25 percent of dispensaries across North America , according to the company 's Series B investor deck . Dutchie also said in its deck that it processes some 10 percent of all legal cannabis is sold . Annualized sales have also surged considerably to $ 2.4 billion from about $ 350 million pre-pandemic -- and from about $ 140 million in September 2019 , when the company closed its Series A. `` E-commerce has always been a proven model or opportunity in all industries . And I think with the coronavirus pandemic , it has really shifted the consumer behavior to e-commerce , to ordering online , '' Lipson said . `` And in the cannabis space even more so , not just because of convenience , but more the education piece that cannabis consumers really , really find valuable . '' The company intends to use its newly-raised funds to continue that growth , by innovating on its product and expanding its team . The company now tallies about 100 employees and hopes to double that within the next 12 to 18 months with a particular focus on growing its engineering and product team to keep up with the rapidly shifting needs of dispensaries . The middle of a pandemic , not to mention an economic recession , may seem like an unusual time to hire , but the cannabis industry is still in growth mode . BDSA projects the industry could hit $ 47 billion in global sales by 2025 . And the trend toward e-commerce is strengthening , as well , with sales on course to surge about 18 percent to $ 58.52 billion in 2020 , according to eMarketer .", "url": "https://cheddar.com/media/cannabis-e-commerce-platform-dutchie-raises-million-former-starbucks-ceo-among-investors", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007599977223859758, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgNY42V", "stitle": "Bedford City Council Passes Noise And Weed Ordinance", "seg_title_stem": "Bedford City Council pass Noise and Weed Ordinance", "seg_content": "-LRB- BEDFORD -RRB- -- The Bedford City Council passed the second reading of a noise ordinance and approved the amended weed ordinance Monday night . The noise ordinance was put in place to give Bedford Police officers a way to enforce the average 50 complaints a year they receive from residents . The third and final passage will occur at the next city council meeting . `` There was never a noise ordinance on the books and this allows the Bedford Police Department to have tools to address complaints called into the department , '' said Bedford Mayor Sam Craig . Following their vote on the noise ordinance , they also passed the penalties that go with violating that ordinance . The amendment to the weed ordinance would allow the city to contract out lawn services to mow lawns which are in violation of the lawn ordinance , so city employees are free to do other work other than mowing lawns . The ordinance will also establish a fee schedule for the services for mowing those lawns . In other business : Approved amending the bereavement leave for city employees , making the ordinance the same for 24-hour and 8-hour employees . The new rates and charges for sewer were passed . The city council members said that upgrades to the city 's infrastructure are needed and the last rate increase was in 2012 . Mayor Sam Craig also informed the city council members that the bids for Wastewater Treatment Plant came in $ 2 million less than anticipated . Hopefully , the savings from that project will be used toward other projects that must be completed . Below is an example of what the current sewer rates are and a example of the future rate increase . Current Sewer Rates / Future Rates / Difference 1,000 gallons -- $ 17.25 / $ 20.87 / $ 3.62 4,000 gallons -- $ 36.42 / $ 44.06 / $ 7.64 The city council also authorized the city ordinance to allow for the city to issue bonds related to the Wastewater Treatment Project . In the final business , there was a discussion on the amount of money the city pays to the Stonegate Arts and Education Center . Currently , the city contributes $ 160,000 a year to Stonegate . However , the city council wants to know what kind of plan the Stonegate Arts and Education Center board has so they are less reliant on the city 's contribution and generate revenue to be able to support themselves on their own . The city council will request information on their proposals to generate revenue by the September city council meeting . Currently , three colleges use the facility with one of those universities contributing to the costs of using the building . Other institutions have been given free use of the facility for a period of time . The city would like the Board of Directors to give them a three year plan on how they are going to generate revenue for the Center . In January , Director of Stonegate Arts and Education Center Gene McCracken presented city council members with a detailed financial report on where revenue comes from but no plan on how they are not going to be reliant on the city 's contribution .", "url": "http://www.wbiw.com/2020/08/18/bedford-city-council-passes-noise-and-weed-ordinance/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012923416834234858, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgNbAdn", "stitle": "Cannabis e-commerce startup Dutchie raises $ 35M from Howard Schultz , Snoop Dogg , Kevin Durant", "seg_title_stem": "cannabis e-commerce startup Dutchie raise $ 35m from Howard Schultz , Snoop Dogg , Kevin Durant", "seg_content": "Dutchie , the Bend , Ore.-based creators of an e-commerce platform that helps cannabis dispensaries facilitate online orders , has raised $ 35 million in new funding , with backing from the likes of former Starbucks Chairman Howard Schultz and hip-hop star Snoop Dogg . With its software and marketplace solutions , Dutchie says it processes 10 % of all legal cannabis sales worldwide , and counts 25 % of all legal dispensaries across 30 markets and 301 cities in the United States and Canada as customers . Founded in 2017 , the company has raised $ 53 million to date . Investors in the Series B round included Snoop Dogg 's Casa Verde Capital , and NBA star Kevin Durant 's Thirty Five Ventures , as well as Schultz , Thrive Capital and Gron Ventures . The fast-growing company plans to use the cash to accelerate its business in every aspect , meeting demand that is being fueled in part by a shift in business and consumer habits during the ongoing pandemic . `` We 're seeing adoption rates for online orders , curbside pickup , and delivery soaring through the roof with widespread ` stay at home ' orders , '' Ross Lipson , Dutchie CEO and co-founder , told GeekWire . `` Consumers are stocking up on cannabis like other non-perishable goods , and businesses have to offer alternative services to meet their needs . '' Dutchie has seen a 700 % surge in sales volume during the pandemic , with numerous dispensaries across the U.S. requesting to be onboarded . Dutchie processes more than 75,000 orders a day and its marketplace -- which features 51 Seattle-area dispensaries -- looks like an Amazon for legal weed where shoppers can select from various brands and types of cannabis . Dutchie is helping to facilitate more than $ 2.4 billion in annual sales and this week processed its 10 millionth order . COVID-19 is just speeding the inevitable , Lipson said , as more online ordering , deliveries and contactless transactions for cannabis purchases are allowed . `` It 's almost as if the cannabis industry jumped two years overnight , '' he said . Lipson said Dutchie is fortunate to attract investors with unique backgrounds and perspectives . He called Snoop Dogg a `` cannabis pioneer '' and credited Schultz 's immense success in building Starbucks into a retail icon . Lipson has previous e-commerce experience . He started one of the first online food ordering operations in Canada in 2008 , called GrubCanada.com , which was acquired by Just Eat in 2012 . After moving to Oregon , TechCrunch says he came up with the idea for Dutchie while standing in line at a weed dispensary . He started the company with his brother Zach , who serves as chief product officer , and at launch in 2017 they were serving three dispensaries in Bend . The company now has 102 employees , the majority of which are in Bend , and it expects to double that number by the end of 2021 as it hires a distributed team that can work remotely . `` One of our biggest uses with our new funding will be to recruit top talent from a variety of industries to help us further define the overall cannabis consumer experience , '' Lipson said . TechCrunch previously reported that `` cannabis is one of the bright spots in the pandemic . '' It ran a survey of cannabis investors and found that they are `` keen on capitalizing while startups look for additional capital to fuel growth while valuations driven by the market correction are still low . ''", "url": "https://www.geekwire.com/2020/dutchie-e-commerce-platform-legal-cannabis-raises-35m-demand-soars-pandemic/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6884908309259392, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'gender-neutral': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgNbROu", "stitle": "Cannabis skincare brand Herb Essentials celebrates New York creatives", "seg_title_stem": "cannabis skincare brand Herb Essentials celebrate New York creative", "seg_content": "Cannabis skincare brand Herb Essentials has revealed its collaboration with jewellery line L'Enchanteur and photographer Annie Powers for a new campaign titled ` Your Hands Are Essntls ' . The images celebrate the launch of Herb Essentials first hand cream which , like the other skincare in their collections , is a gender-neutral product formulated with an ultra-hydrating blend of cannabis seed oil , safflower oil and beeswax . Since it was established in 2015 , Herb Essentials has sought to support creatives in its native New York City with a line of collaborative campaigns . ` Your Hands Are Essntls ' highlights the work of sisters Dynasty and Soull Ogun who as L'Enchanteur are best known for handcrafted ornate and totemic jewellery that often looks as if it 's been retrieved from an ancient burial ground . Much of the sisters ' work is informed by the mystical world of dreams and ancient mythologies : ` Ancient Mayan , Ancient Yoruba , Ancient Asia , India , China , ' says Soull Ogun . ` We were going to Russia and Poland and all that stuff . The myths trickle in everywhere . ' For the duo , the act of creating jewellery is its own kind of magic . ` That 's what alchemy is , ' says Soull . ` You take the dirty and gross and try to make something magical . When you 're making jewellery -- jewellery has to get really dirty before it gets really shiny and people do n't know that process . Your hands are filthy when you 're making jewellery and you 're pulling up the grotesque , the dirt , whatnot . ' The sisters ' constant work with their hands made them perfectly suited to showcase Herb Essentals ' new hand cream . For the campaign , New York-based photographer Annie Powers has captured them moving around their Brooklyn-based studio surrounded pieces of gold jewellery they 've made for artists like Lauryn Hill and Erykah Badu . ` My vision was to show Soull and her work , attitude , and style ' , says Powers about working on the project . ` I was excited to get the freedom to play . I appreciated the privacy to connect with the subject and I think that adds to the authenticity of the images . ' §", "url": "https://www.wallpaper.com/beauty-grooming/herb-essentials-new-york-city-creatives-campaign", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.9974998235702515}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 0.9974998235702515}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1254169267448326, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgNtTWa", "stitle": "`` Flamethrowers '' for weed control in La Crosse ?", "seg_title_stem": "`` Flamethrowers '' for weed control in La Crosse ?", "seg_content": "A few weeks ago , the Campbell Police Department confiscated , what the public would generally call , a `` flamethrower , '' as part of a drug bust . Like a saga , where you can not miss an episode , the topic made multiple segments on La Crosse Talk PM , which tackles only the hardest topics in the city , if not the world . Campbell Police 's bust turned up six pounds of hi-grade marijuana , two pounds of Butane Hash Oil , more than 200 packages of THC edibles , cocaine , along with three AR-15s with several high-capacity magazines , hundreds of rounds of ammunition , a .270 caliber rifle , $ 11,000 cash and , of course , the `` flamethrower . '' Asked , jokingly , about it on the show , La Crosse Assistant Police Chief Rob Abraham was n't prepared to cite flamethrower law . `` That would be kind of cool , '' Abraham said of using one , but , `` I 'm not up to snuff on all the flamethrower laws . It 's just something we do n't run across the lot . I did n't really get to see that particular unit to know what its capabilities were . '' As for having a `` flamethrower '' in lockup , Abraham did n't go as far as to say they do get things like that out test them , but he walked the line enough so as to not admit guilt . `` Ahh , I would highly recommend against that , '' Abraham said , who 's been with the city 's police department for 29 years . Having been apprised of the ongoing conversation , City of La Crosse Fire Chief Ken Gilliam did text into the show while Abraham was being interrogated on flamethrowers . `` I highly doubt Fleet Farm sells flamethrowers , '' Gilliam joked , and then began texting in the third person . `` The Fire Chief of La Crosse does not recommend flamethrowers for weeds , nor machine guns for varmint control . '' Gilliam was mistaken , though -- to a degree . First , by a listener who was live texting from Blain 's Farm and Fleet , while , apparently , looking at the `` flamethrowers . '' Gilliam also performed some personal research and , a week later , was on La Crosse Talk PM did a complete 180 . `` They 're legal , they 're out there , they 're not flamethrowers though . They 're more of a high-end torch , '' Gilliam said . `` I think when you say the word ` flamethrower , ' probably the majority of us picture some old war movie , where they 're shooting flames from your house across the street to the neighbor 's house , and causing some problems . '' What Gilliam likely saw versus what Campbell confiscated are two different things , however . Blain 's appears to sell , what it calls a `` 100,000 BTU Vapor Torch Kit for Homeowners . '' It looks as though Campbell 's P.D. confiscated one of Elon Musk 's `` Boring Company '' flamethrowers . `` I do n't know , I might get one for some weed control , '' he said . `` I 'll have to go look at them a little bit more . '' Gilliam also made clear that would be a personal endeavor , not something through the city . `` Certainly there 's a little belt-tightening going on for all of society right now , so I do n't think we 've got a very deep research and development , to where I can just be buying a flamethrower or a propane torch , '' he said . The Fire Chief , who appears once a month on the show , promises an update come September . It 's unknown whether he will contact Campbell Police , though , to check out the confiscated Musk flamethrower . -- While these conversations did happen , they were made in a joking matter . This article was written to be humorous and sarcastic .", "url": "https://www.wizmnews.com/2020/08/18/flamethrowers-for-weed-control-in-la-crosse/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009136587357383059, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgNxwM3", "stitle": "Border Patrol agents seize 87 pounds of marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "border Patrol agent seize 87 pound of marijuana", "seg_content": "LAREDO , Tex. -LRB- KGNS -RRB- - Border Patrol agents foiled an alleged drug smuggling attempt near Hebbronville over the weekend . The seizure happened on August 16th when agents received a tip regarding two suspicious individuals driving in a green pick-up truck . The vehicle approached the checkpoint and after a vehicle inspection , agents discovered eight bundles of marijuana hidden within compartments reserved for fuel tank located in the bed . The bundles weighed 87.74 pound and had an estimated street value of $ 70,192 .", "url": "https://www.kgns.tv/2020/08/18/border-patrol-agents-seize-87-pounds-of-marijuana/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6805994681051999, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgO4jyj", "stitle": "Long non-coding RNA LRRC75A-AS1 facilitates triple negative breast cancer cell proliferation and invasion via functioning as a ceRNA to modulate BAALC", "seg_title_stem": "long non-coding rna lrrc75a-as1 facilitate triple negative breast cancer cell proliferation and invasion via function as a cerna to modulate baalc", "seg_content": "Abstract As a common female malignancy , triple-negative breast cancer -LRB- TNBC -RRB- is the most serious subtype in breast cancer -LRB- BC -RRB- . BAALC binder of MAP3K1 and KLF4 -LRB- BAALC -RRB- is a common oncogene in acute myelocytic leukemia -LRB- AML -RRB- . We sought to explore the role of BAALC in TNBC . In this study , BAALC was significantly upregulated in TNBC tissues and cells . Then , the results of functional assays disclosed that BAALC facilitated cell proliferation , invasion , and epithelial -- mesenchymal transition -LRB- EMT -RRB- processes , but repressed cell apoptosis in TNBC . Next , miR-380 -- 3p was identified as the upstream of BAALC in TNBC cells . Moreover , LRRC75A-AS1 -LRB- also named small nucleolar RNA host gene 29 : SNHG29 -RRB- was verified to act as the sponge of miR-380 -- 3p to elevate BAALC expression in TNBC . Besides , LRRC75A-AS1 could negatively regulate miR-380 -- 3p but positively regulate BAALC expression . Finally , rescue assays elucidated that LRRC75A-AS1 facilitated cell proliferation , invasion , and EMT processes in TNBC by targeting miR-380 -- 3p/BAALC pathway . Taken together , our study revealed a novel ceRNA network of LRRC75A-AS1 / miR-380 -- 3p/BAALC in accelerating TNBC development , indicating new promising targets for TNBC treatment . Introduction As one of the most common female malignancy , breast cancer -LRB- BC -RRB- is the major cause of female fatality globally , accounting for around 6.6 % of global cancer fatality rate1 . BC is characterized by high heterogeneity and contains at least five subtypes : HER2 overexpressing , Luminal A , Luminal B , and triple-negative breast cancers -LRB- TNBC -RRB- , which are generally divided into basal-like and claudinlow subtypes2 ,3 . TNBC is featured by lacking the expression of estrogen receptors and progesterone receptors4 . Currently , chemotherapy is the most preferred treatment for TNBC patients5 . Besides , Chinese herbal compound has been reported to function in BC6 . Cornus officinalis could inhibit TNBC cell growth7 . Tanshinone compound extracted from salvia miltiorrhiza was used to treat BC8 . However , TNBC patients are still confronted with poor clinical outcomes due to high metastatic rate . Long non-coding RNAs -LRB- lncRNAs -RRB- , a group of non-coding RNAs -LRB- ncRNAs -RRB- containing more than 200 nucleotides in length , are incapable of encoding proteins . Accumulating evidence has revealed that lncRNAs exert regulatory functions in various cancers , including TNBC . For instance , lncRNA DRHC inhibits cell proliferation in TNBC via down-regulating lncRNA HOTAIR9 . LncRNA LINC00511 interacts with Snail to facilitate cell growth and invasion in TNBC10 . LncRNA AWPPH and miRNA-21 interact with each other to modulate TNBC cell proliferation and chemosensitivity11 . Further , competing endogenous RNA -LRB- ceRNA -RRB- is a widely reported regulatory network at post transcription level . In ceRNA mechanism , lncRNAs competitively sponge microRNAs -LRB- miRNAs -RRB- to release miRNAs-targeted mRNAs , therefore modulating the development of cancers including TNBC . For example , lncRNA HEIH modulates TNBC cell proliferation and apoptosis through the miR-4458 / SOCS1 axis12 . LncRNA ADPGK-AS1 facilitates TNBC cell proliferation , migration , and EMT process via modulating the miR-3196 / OTX1 axis13 . Also , lncRNA HCP5 serves as a ceRNA to promote TNBC progression via regulating the miR-219a-5p / BIRC3 axis14 . A novel lncRNA LRRC75A-AS1 -LRB- also named SNHG29 -RRB- located at 17p11 .2 has 892 bp in length . Previously , LRRC75A-AS1 was reported to has oncogenic properties15 . Besides , LRRC75A-AS1 has been validated in glioblastoma , and it regulates the miR-223 -- 3p/CTNND1 axis to promote glioblastoma through Wnt / β-catenin pathway16 . In the present study , LRRC75A-AS1 was predicted as the sponge of miR-380 -- 3p , the upstream miRNA of BAALC , and whether the LRRC75A-AS1 / miR-380 -- 3p/BAALC axis regulated biological behaviors in TNBC needs further investigation . Besides , BAALC is a common oncogene in acute myelocytic leukemia -LRB- AML -RRB- 17,18,19 . As an example , BAALC played the oncogenic role in AML via ERK pathway20 . More importantly , BAALC was confirmed to be aberrantly upregulated in TNBC tissues by our studies . Therefore , the supposition was proposed that whether BAALC affected the tumorigenesis of BC , especially TNBC . We sought to examine the function of BAALC in TNBC , and found that LRRC75A-AS1 contributed to TNBC development via functioning as a ceRNA of miR-380 -- 3p to upregulate BAALC , which might provide some novel thoughts for TNBC treatment . Materials and methods Tissue samples Total of 62 pairs samples of TNBC tissues and adjacent non-tumor tissues were collected from 62 patients who had not received radiotherapy or chemotherapy before operation . This protocol got approval from the Ethics Committee of the First Hospital of Jilin University , and all participants signed the informed consent forms . Tissue specimens were all frozen in liquid nitrogen right after surgery , and then stored at − 80 oC for further analysis . Cell culture Chinese Academy of Sciences -LRB- Shanghai , China -RRB- provided the TNBC cell lines -LRB- MDA-MB-468 , MDA-MB-436 , MDA-MB-231 and HCC-1937 -RRB- and normal breast cell line MCF-10A . F15 medium -LRB- Hyclone , Logan , UT , USA -RRB- was used to cultivate the MDA-MB-231 cells . The F12/DMEM 1:1 medium -LRB- Hyclone , Logan , UT , USA -RRB- was employed to incubate the MDA-MB-468 or MCF-10A cells . The RPMI-1640 medium was applied to incubate the HCC-1937 cells . The L15/DMEM-H medium was used for incubating the MDA-MB-436 cells . 1 % penicillin/streptomycin and 10 % fetal bovine serum -LRB- FBS -RRB- -LRB- Gibco , Grand Island , NY , USA -RRB- were added to the medium for cultivating with the above cells at 37 °C and 5 % CO2 . All cells were authenticated by STR profiling and tested for mycoplasma contamination . Cell transfection Cell transfection was realized by the use of Lip2000 -LRB- Invitrogen , Carlsbad , CA , USA -RRB- in line with the instructions of manufacturer . GenePharma -LRB- GenePharma , Shanghai , China -RRB- constructed the shRNAs specific to BAALC -LRB- sh-BAALC # 1/2 -RRB- or LRRC75A-AS1 -LRB- sh-LRRC75A-AS1 # 1/2 -RRB- . The nonspecific shRNAs were utilized in control group -LRB- sh-NC -RRB- . The full-length cDNA sequence of BAALC or LRRC75A-AS1 was inserted into pcDNA3 .1 overexpression vectors -LRB- Invitrogen -RRB- , with empty vectors as the control . In addition , the miR-380 -- 3p-mimics , miR-380 -- 3p-inhibitor and their corresponding NCs were constructed by Ribobio -LRB- Guangzhou , China -RRB- . Then , 2 μg of above plasmids were transfected into cells . After 48 h of transfection , cells were reaped at third passage . Sequences of above constructs were shown in Table 1 . Table 1 Sequences of plasmids used in cell transfection . Full size table Quantitative RT-PCR Trizol reagent -LRB- Invitrogen , Carlsbad , CA -RRB- was used to extract the total RNA in line with the protocol of supplier . With regard to lncRNAs or mRNAs , SuperScriptTM II reverse transcriptase -LRB- Invitrogen , Carlsbad , CA -RRB- was used to take the reaction of reverse transcription . As for the reverse transcription of miRNAs , a miScript reverse transcription kit -LRB- Qiagen , Hilden , Germany -RRB- was applied . qRT-PCR was conducted by the use of SYBR @ Premix Ex TaqTM -LRB- TaKaRa Bio Group , Shiga , Japan -RRB- . Relative expression normalizing to GAPDH or U6 was measured via 2 - ∆ ∆ Ct method . Colony formation assay After 48 h of transfection , cells were collected for colony formation assay . Cells at the concentration of 1 × 103 each well were cultivated in 6‐well plates at 37 °C for 14 days . After that , PBS was used to rinse the cells for two times . Then , 4 % formaldehyde and GIMSA were used to fix and stain the cells for 15 min , separately . At last , the colony formation ability was evaluated by counting the number of stained colonies . CCK-8 assay The CCK-8 solution was procured from Dojindo -LRB- Osaka , Japan -RRB- to undertake cell proliferation assay . After 48 h of transfection , MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells were seeded into the 96-well plates at the concentration of 5000 cells per well , followed by addition of 10 μl CCK-8 solution for 2 h in 5 % CO2 at 37oC . Cell proliferation was detected at indicated times via measuring the absorbance at 450 nm with spectrophotometer -LRB- Thermo Fisher Scientific , Waltham , MA , USA -RRB- . Cell apoptosis The Annexin V-FITC Apoptosis Detection Kit -LRB- JingMei Biotech , Beijing , China -RRB- was acquired to estimate cell apoptosis rate in line with instructions of manufacturer . Simply put , the transfected cells were collected after 48 h and seeded into the 6-well plates at the concentration of 1 × 103 cells in each well . Thereafter , 5 μL Annexin V-FITC and 10 μL propidium iodide -LRB- PI -RRB- -LRB- 20 μg / mL -RRB- were put into 100 μL cell suspension for cultivating at 37 °C . The whole process took 15 min in the dark room . After that , a FACSCaliber flow cytometry -LRB- BD Biosciences , Franklin Lakes , NJ , USA -RRB- was used to analyze the rate of apoptotic cells . Relative caspase activity determination On the basis of the protocols , the activities of caspase-3 / 8/9 were determined by use of Caspase-3 Activity Kit , Caspase-8 Activity Kit , and Caspase-9 Activity Kit , respectively . Simply put , after 48 h of incubation , the lysates of MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells -LRB- 5 × 106 -RRB- were subjected to centrifugation and collection . Afterwards , 10 μl protein in the cell lysates was supplemented into 96-well plates , followed by the adding of 80 μl reaction buffer that included caspase substrate -LRB- 2 mM -RRB- . Microplate reader was used to detect the caspase activities at the absorbance of 405 nm after they were incubated at 37 °C for 5 h. Transwell assay The transwell plates -LRB- 24-well , 8μm pore membrane ; Corning , NY , USA -RRB- pre-incubated with Matrigel -LRB- Corning , NY , USA -RRB- were employed to estimate the invasive abilities of cells . The upper layer of the chamber was inoculated with 2 × 104 cells which were suspended in serum-free medium . The lower layer of the chamber was used to cultivate the complete culture medium with 20 % FBS . Twenty-four hours later , 4 % formaldehyde and crystal violet were respectively used to fix and stain the cells which crossed the membranes , followed by observing and imaging cells under a Nikon microscope . The cells remained in the upper chamber were cleared by a swab . JC-1 assay JC-1 assay is a method to detect mitochondrial membrane potential . The decrease of mitochondrial electrochemical potential gradient is a marker of early apoptosis . The transformation of from red fluorescence to green fluorescence can be used as an indicator of early apoptosis . For measuring the mitochondrial transmembrane potential -LRB- ΔΨm -RRB- , JC-1 assay was undertaken as instructed by provider -LRB- Beyotime , Shanghai , China -RRB- . In short , after being washed for two times , cells were resuspended in PBS which included 0.1 μM JC-1 monomer . Then the cells were cultivated at the temperature of 37 °C for 15 min . Cold PBS was used to rinse the cells . Thereafter , a FACSort flow cytometer -LRB- Becton Dickinson -RRB- which equipped with a 488-nm argon laser and three fluorescence detectors was used to record the cell fluorescence . JC-1 fluorescence in the FL1 and FL2 channels were analyzed for detecting the form of liquid crystal and the fluorescence of dye monomer . Green fluorescence : the monomer , red fluorescence : the J-aggregates , orange fluorescence : merged photo . RNA immunoprecipitation -LRB- RIP -RRB- NP-40 lysis buffer , which was added with 1 mM dithiothreitol , 1 mM phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride -LRB- PMSF -RRB- , RNase inhibitor -LRB- 200 U/ml -RRB- -LRB- Life Technologies -RRB- and 1 % protease inhibitor cocktail -LRB- Sigma-Aldrich -RRB- , was used to lyse 1 × 107 cells collected after centrifugation . In order to produce the antibody-coated beads , NT2 buffer -LRB- 50 mM tris-HCl , 150 mM NaCl , 1 mM MgCl2 , and 0.5 % NP-40 -RRB- was used to rinse the protein G Sepharose 4 Fast Flow bead slurry -LRB- GE Healthcare -RRB- and then the beads were cultivated with antibody against Ago2 or IgG -LRB- the negative control -RRB- . As for RIP , the antibody-coated Sepharose beads were used to cultivate the cell lysates overnight . Beads were washed by the use of cold NT2 buffer , followed by the cultivation with proteinase K -LRB- 10 mg/ml -RRB- -LRB- Sigma-Aldrich -RRB- . The RNeasy Mini Kit -LRB- Qiagen -RRB- was used to purify the RNAs bound to beads and then determined by qRT-PCR . Subcellular fractionation A RiboTrap Kit -LRB- MBL International -RRB- was employed to carry out the cellular fractionation in MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells -LRB- 1 × 106 -RRB- in line with the instructions of supplier . Then , RNA in nucleus and cytoplasm was separated , followed by detection of LRRC75A-AS1 via qRT-PCR . Meanwhile , GAPDH and U6 were served as the cytoplasmic or nuclear control , respectively . FISH assay On the basis of the manufacturer 's guide , FISH kit -LRB- Guangzhou Biosense Bioscience Co. , Ltd , Guangzhou , China -RRB- was adopted to carry out the RNA FISH assays for observing the subcellular localization of LRRC75A-AS1 in MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells -LRB- 1 × 106 -RRB- . BersinBio Co. LTD -LRB- Guangzhou , China -RRB- composed and designed the Cy3-labeled LRRC75A-AS1 probes . Simply put , 4 % formaldehyde was applied to fix MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells at room temperature -LRB- RT -RRB- for 15 min . Then , 0.5 % Triton X-100 was used to permeabilize the fixed cells . After that , probes were used to cultivate the cells overnight at 42 °C . DAPI was used to stain the cell nuclei at RT for 5 min . Fluorescence images were acquired by the use of a fluorescence microscope -LRB- Leica , Hilden , Germany -RRB- . Immunofluorescence Firstly , 10 % formaldehyde was used to fix the collected cells -LRB- 2.5 × 104/well -RRB- in 6-well plates for 10 min . Then the cells were blockaded with 10 % FBS , followed by permeabilization via 0.5 % Triton X-100 . Then the cells were cultivated with the Ki67 antibody -LRB- 1:10 -RRB- and DAPI -LRB- 1:100 -RRB- staining at 25 °C for 30 min in a dark room . A fluorescence microscope using a × 20 objective was used to analyze the smears . Western blot analysis Before the proteins were isolated via RIPA lysis buffer with protease inhibitors , cells -LRB- 5 × 105 -RRB- were rinsed in 6-well plates by the use of PBS for two times . Then , the isolated proteins were separated through SDS/PAGE gel and then shifted to the PVDF membranes , which were later processed with primary and secondary antibodies . Primary antibodies against BAALC -LRB- ab251772 -RRB- , E-cadherin -LRB- ab53226 -RRB- , N-cadherin -LRB- ab18203 -RRB- , Slug -LRB- ab106077 -RRB- , Twist -LRB- ab49254 -RRB- , and the loading control GAPDH -LRB- ab9485 -RRB- , as well as the secondary antibody horseradish peroxidase-linked goat anti-rabbit IgG -LRB- ab205718 -RRB- , were all from Abcam -LRB- Cambridge , UK -RRB- . Finally , the proteins were observed via ECL system -LRB- Santa Cruz Biotechnology , Santa Cruz , CA -RRB- . Luciferase reporter assay The 96-well plate was used to seed the cells -LRB- 2 × 104 cells/well -RRB- for co-transfecting with miR-380 -- 3p or either empty vector and luciferase reporter which included the mutant type or wild type LRRC75A-AS1 fragment by the use of Lipofectamine 2000 -LRB- Invitrogen -RRB- . The mutated type or wild type BAALC fragment was also inserted into luciferase reporter vector and then co-transfected with indicated transfection plasmids for luciferase assay . Dual‐Luciferase reporter assay system -LRB- Promega , USA -RRB- was used to detect the activities after the 48 h transfections . Renilla luciferase activity was served as the standard of firefly luciferase activity , so as to explicate the differences in the efficiency of transfection . RNA pull‐down assay RNA pull down assay was studied using 1 × 107 MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells . DNA templates with biotin-UTP , NTP mix and T7 RNA polymerase -LRB- Promega -RRB- were used to transcribe the biotin-labeled RNAs which were handled with RNase-free DNase I -LRB- Promega -RRB- and purified by using RNeasy Mini kit -LRB- QIAGEN -RRB- . Then cell lysates were resuspended in the RIP buffer , followed by cultivation with the biotinylated RNA probes at the temperature of 37 °C for 1 h . The non-biotin-labeled RNA probes were seen as the negative control . Subsequently , the binding reaction was added with 60 ul of streptavidin agarose beads -LRB- Invitrogen -RRB- which were cultivated for 1 h at 37 °C afterwards . After being purified , the RNAs pulled down in each group were analyzed via qRT-PCR . Statistical analysis Statistical data analysis was carried out by the use of SPSS 17.0 . Mean ± SD was used to present data -LRB- all conformed to normal distribution -RRB- . Two-tailed Student 's t test was used to take the comparison between two groups , while one-way ANOVA applied for that among no less than two groups . The overall survival was examined using the Kaplan -- Meier analysis method . When the value of P was less than 0.05 , the differences were supposed to be significant statistically . Results BAALC regulated TNBC cell proliferation , apoptosis , invasion , and EMT processes To explore the role of BAALC in TNBC , firstly , qRT-PCR analysis confirmed that BAALC was an abnormally upregulated gene in TNBC tissues compared with paired controls -LRB- Fig . S1A -RRB- . Meanwhile , Kaplan -- Meier analysis illustrated that high BAALC expression was closely correlated with the poor prognosis of TNBC patients -LRB- Fig . S1B -RRB- . Additionally , the expression level of BAALC in TNBC cells -LRB- MDA-MB-231 , MDA-MB-468 , MDA-MB-436 and HCC-1937 -RRB- and normal mammary epithelial cells -LRB- MCF-10A -RRB- was also measured by qRT-PCR and western blot . The result revealed that BAALC was notably upregulated in TNBC cells in comparison with MCF-10A cells -LRB- Fig. 1a and S1C -RRB- . More importantly , the function between BAALC-lowly-expressed MCF-10A and two TNBC cells -LRB- MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 -RRB- with high BAALC expression was compared . The outcomes of CCK-8 , Ki67 immunofluorescence staining and colony formation assays demonstrated that the proliferation ability of MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells was much stronger than MCF-10A cells -LRB- Fig . S1D -- F -RRB- . In contrast , JC-1 assay , flow cytometry analysis and caspase 3/8/9 activity detection assay measured that the apoptosis ability of MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells was weaker than MCF-10A cells -LRB- Fig . S1G -- I -RRB- . Moreover , transwell assay detected that MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells were more prone to invasion than MCF-10A cells -LRB- Fig . S1J -RRB- . Meanwhile , western blot disclosed that MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells possessed less E-cadherin but more N-cadherin , slug and twist than MCF-10A cells -LRB- Fig . S1K -RRB- . Overall , MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells with higher BAALC expression possessed much malignant behaviors than MCF-10A cells with lower BAALC level . To evaluate the regulatory function of BAALC in TNBC , qRT-PCR and western blot assessed the knockdown efficiency of BAALC in sh-BAALC # 1/2 transfected MDA-MB-468 and MDA-MB-436 cells . As expected , BAALC expression was observably decreased by sh-BAALC # 1/2 -LRB- Fig. 1b and S1L -RRB- . Next , a range of functional assays were performed . It was detected that both the percentage of Ki-67 positive cells and the number of colonies were notably declined upon BAALC deficiency -LRB- Fig. 1c , d -RRB- . Further , we also observed a marked inhibition on cell viability in response to BAALC downregulation -LRB- Fig. 1M -RRB- . Then , mitochondrial membrane potential , whose change could indicate early apoptosis , was analyzed by JC-1 fluorescent probe21 . Results displayed that JC-1 ratio of TNBC cells was decreased by knockdown of BAALC -LRB- Fig. 1e -RRB- . Flow cytometry analysis verified that cell apoptosis rate was enhanced under BAALC suppression -LRB- Fig. 1f -RRB- . Also , the activity of apoptosis-associated proteins -LRB- caspase-3 , caspase-8 , and caspase-9 -RRB- was elevated in cells transfected with sh-BAALC # 1/2 -LRB- Fig. 1g -RRB- , further suggesting that BAALC depletion stimulated cell apoptosis . Moreover , transwell assay disclosed that number of invaded cells was obviously reduced in face of BAALC silence -LRB- Fig. 1h -RRB- . Consistently , the expression of E-cadherin was elevated while that of N-cadherin , slug and twist was reduced after knocking down BAALC -LRB- Fig. 1i -RRB- , indicating hindered EMT resulting from BAALC inhibition . To sum up , BAALC facilitated cell proliferation , invasion and EMT , yet inhibited cell apoptosis in TNBC . MiR-380 -- 3p targeted BAALC and negatively regulated BAALC expression Since miRNAs were reported to target mRNAs and regulate their expression in many diseases22 ,23,24 , we subsequently searched for the upstream miRNAs of BAALC in TNBC . By utilization of starBase database25 , six potential miRNAs -LRB- miR-411 -- 5p , miR-450b-5p , miR-760 , miR-380 -- 3p , miR-1276 , and miR-323b-3p -RRB- were identified . According to the results of RNA pull down assay , only miR-380 -- 3p and miR-450b-5p among above 6 candidates were notably pulled down by BAALC biotin probe rather than non-biotin BAALC probe -LRB- Fig. 2a -RRB- , suggesting that miR-380 -- 3p and miR-450b-5p were more likely to bind with BAALC in TNBC . For further screening , the expression of miR-380 -- 3p and miR-450b-5p in TNBC cells and MCF-10A cells was detected . As a result , we found that miR-380 -- 3p was notably downregulated in TNBC cells compared to MCF-10A cells , while the expression of miR-450b-5p was not statistically different in these cells -LRB- Fig. 2ba , bb -RRB- . Further , RIP assay revealed that only miR-380 -- 3p and BAALC were significantly enriched in anti-Ago2 groups relative to anti-IgG groups , while no evident miR-450b-5p signals were observed in both groups -LRB- Fig. 2c -RRB- . Subsequently , the overexpression or knockdown efficiency of miR-380 -- 3p was verified by qRT-PCR in miR-380 -- 3p-mimics or miR-380 -- 3p-inhibitor transfected cells -LRB- Fig. 2da , db -RRB- . Figure 2e revealed the binding site between wild type/mutant BAALC and miR-380 -- 3p -LRB- upper -RRB- ; meanwhile , the schematic diagram exhibited the interactions between miR-380 -- 3p and BAALC -LRB- lower -RRB- . The effectiveness of the indicated binding site was verified by luciferase reporter assays . MiR-380 -- 3p overexpression significantly reduced , while knockdown of miR-380 -- 3p overtly enhanced , the luciferase activity of wild type BAALC . Nevertheless , the luciferase activity of mutant BAALC kept unchanged under the same conditions -LRB- Fig. 2f -RRB- . Moreover , the regulatory role of miR-380 -- 3p in BAALC expression was demonstrated . Results indicated that inhibition of miR-380 -- 3p significantly elevated the expression of BAALC at both mRNA and protein levels in TNBC cells -LRB- Fig. 2g -RRB- , whereas miR-380 -- 3p overexpression remarkably downregulated both above levels of BAALC in these two cells -LRB- Fig . S2A -RRB- . To sum up , miR-380 -- 3p could bind with BAALC and negatively regulate BAALC expression in TNBC cells . LncRNA LRRC75A-AS1 sponged miR-380 -- 3p and negatively modulated miR-380 -- 3p expression After confirming miR-380 -- 3p as the upstream miRNA of BAALC , we next sought to find out the upstream lncRNA sponging miR-380 -- 3p in TNBC . Under the screening conditions -LRB- strict stringency of CLIP data ; at least four cancer types in Pan-Cancer -RRB- , OIP5-AS1 , LRRC75A-AS1 , and AC005261 .1 were identified as the potential sponges of miR-380 -- 3p . Afterwards , RNA pull down assay measured that only LRRC75A-AS1 was significantly pulled down by biotinylated miR-380 -- 3p in TNBC cells -LRB- Fig. 3a -RRB- . Also , qRT-PCR analysis revealed that only the expression of LRRC75A-AS1 was significantly upregulated in TNBC cells compared with MCF-10A cells -LRB- Fig. 3b -RRB- . Therefore , LRRC75A-AS1 was selected to do the following experiments . Additionally , RIP assay detected that miR-380 -- 3p and LRRC75A-AS1 were both enriched in anti-Ago2 group -LRB- Fig. 3c -RRB- . Moreover , it also confirmed that LRRC75A-AS1 was significantly upregulated in TNBC tissues compared with non-tumor tissues -LRB- Fig . S2B -RRB- . Of note , higher LRRC75A-AS1 level could led to shorter overall survival time of TNBC patients -LRB- Fig . S2C -RRB- . Further , subcellular fraction and FISH assays were performed to analyze the distribution of LRRC75A-AS1 in TNBC cells . Interestingly , we disclosed that LRRC75A-AS1 was mainly distributed in the cytoplasm -LRB- Fig . S2D -- E -RRB- . Besides , according to lncLocator analysis26 , LRRC75A-AS1 got score of 0.190381739971 in cytoplasm , 0.0428120358959 in nucleus , 0.0841591539673 in ribosome , 0.656998637521 in cytosol and 0.0256484326448 in exosome . All these data indicated that LRRC75A-AS1 exerted the regulatory function at post-transcriptional level in TNBC cells . Then , the binding sites between wild type/mutant LRRC75A-AS1 and miR-380 -- 3p were predicted from starBase -LRB- Fig. 3d -RRB- . Subsequently , luciferase report assay indicated that the luciferase activity of wild type LRRC75A-AS1 was significantly reduced by miR-380 -- 3p overexpression but markedly elevated under miR-380 -- 3p downregulation , whereas that of mutant LRRC75A-AS1 presented no significant changes in response to miR-380 -- 3p overexpression or downregulation -LRB- Fig. 3e -RRB- . So far , LRRC75A-AS1 was validated as the miR-380 -- 3p sponge in TNBC . Moreover , TNBC cells were transfected with sh-LRRC75A-AS1 # 1/2 to measure the knockdown efficiency of LRRC75A-AS1 -LRB- Fig. 3f -RRB- . It was proved that knockdown of LRRC75A-AS1 notably enhanced the expression of miR-380 -- 3p and decreased that of BAALC at both mRNA and protein levels -LRB- Fig. 3g , h -RRB- . In addition , the levels of BAALC mRNA and protein were both strengthened in pcDNA3.1-LRRC75A-AS1 transfected cells -LRB- Fig . S2F -RRB- . Further , RIP assay detected the fortified enrichment of miR-380 -- 3p and BAALC in TNBC cells with silenced LRRC75A-AS1 -LRB- Fig . S2G -RRB- . Afterwards , qRT-PCR and western blot measured that co-treatment of anti-DICER could reverse the inhibitory impact of LRRC75A-AS1 depletion on BAALC mRNA and protein levels -LRB- Fig . S2H -RRB- , further indicating LRRC75A-AS1 was the ceRNA of BAALC . Moreover , co-transfection of miR-380 -- 3p inhibitor or pcDNA3.1-BAALC rescued the suppressed BAALC expression in sh-LRRC75A-AS1 transfected cells -LRB- Fig . S2I -RRB- . In a summary , LRRC75A-AS1 sponged miR-380 -- 3p to upregulate BAALC expression in TNBC cells . LRRC75A-AS1 facilitated the malignant phenotypes of TNBC cells by sponging miR-380 -- 3p and up-regulating BAALC After verifying the function of LRRC75A-AS1 / miR-380 -- 3p/BAALC network in TNBC , we then conducted rescue assays . As revealed by Ki67 immunofluorescence staining and colony formation assays , TNBC cell proliferation ability was inhibited by LRRC75A-AS1 knockdown , but was then remedied by miR-380 -- 3p downregulation or BAALC overexpression -LRB- Fig. 4a , b -RRB- . Also , JC-1 assay measured that miR-380 -- 3p-inhibitor or pcDNA3.1-BAALC offset the repressing effects of LRRC75A-AS1 depletion on JC-1 ratio -LRB- Fig. 4c -RRB- . Flow cytometry assay revealed that the promoting influence of LRRC75A-AS1 knockdown on TNBC cell apoptosis was counteracted by miR-380 -- 3p downregulation or BAALC overexpression -LRB- Fig. 4d -RRB- . Additionally , miR-380 -- 3p inhibition or BAALC up-regulation reversed the enhancing impact of LRRC75A-AS1 knockdown in caspase-3 / 8 activity -LRB- Fig. 4e -RRB- . Further , it manifested that co-transfection of miR-380 -- 3p-inhibitor or pcDNA3.1-BAALC obviously rescued the suppression of LRRC75A-AS1 knockdown on TNBC cell invasion and EMT processes -LRB- Fig. 4f , g -RRB- . In a word , LRRC75A-AS1 sponged miR-380 -- 3p to upregulate BAALC , so as to facilitate the development of TNBC . Discussion BAALC is recognized as an upregulated gene in AML . Also , according to a previous study , BAALC could interact with a scaffold protein MEK kinase-1 -LRB- MEKK1 -RRB- and Krüppel-like factor 4 -LRB- KLF4 -RRB- to activate oncogenic ERK pathway20 . Nonetheless , the function of BAALC in TNBC remained unknown . In this research , BAALC was upregulated in TNBC tissues and cells , indicating the research value of BAALC in TNBC . Further , BAALC downregulation suppressed cell proliferation , invasion and EMT , but contributed to cell apoptosis in TNBC , suggesting the tumor-facilitating role of BAALC in TNBC . Then , bioinformatics analyses were used to find out the miRNA upstream of BAALC in TNBC . More importantly , the function of miRNA in BC has been revealed by various studies . For example , miRNA-589 functions as a tumor inhibitor via directly targeting metastasis-associated protein 2 -LRB- MTA2 -RRB- in BC27 . MiR-29b-3p promotes the proliferation and migration of MDA-MB-231 cells -LRB- TNBC cells -RRB- via down-regulating TRAF328 . MiRNA-5195 -- 3p elevates the chemosensitivity of TNBC to paclitaxel via suppressing EIF4A229 . In the present study , miR-380 -- 3p was validated to target BAALC in TNBC cells . Moreover , miR-380 -- 3p could negatively regulate BAALC in TNBC . Currently , the reports about the function of miR-380 -- 3p in cancers including TNBC are limited . According to previous findings , miR-380 -- 3p regulated by Nrf2 suppressed cell proliferation and strengthened the PQ-induced toxicity in mouse neuroblastoma cells via obstructing Sp3 mRNA translation30 . MiR-380 -- 3p could modulate melanogenesis via targeting SOX6 in melanocytes31 . Herein , our research firstly revealed the anti-tumor function of miR-380 -- 3p in TNBC . Recently , the existence of ceRNA mechanism has been verified in various diseases according to various reports . For instance , lncRNA GSTM3TV2 enhances the expression of LAT2 and OLR1 via competitively sponging let-7 to facilitate gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic cancer32 . LncRNA HOTTIP elevates the expression of CCL3 and stimulates cartilage degradation through sponging miR-455 -- 3p33 . Therefore , whether ceRNA network involving miR-380 -- 3p and BAALC existed in TNBC cells was worthy of exploring . In our study , LRRC75A-AS1 possessing one miR-380 -- 3p binding site was recognized as the sponge of miR-380 -- 3p in TNBC . According to recent reports , LRRC75A-AS1 acted as a negative regulator of vascular calcification34 . Also , LRRC75A-AS1 repressed colorectal carcinoma cell proliferation and migration35 . Presently , our work verified that LRRC75A-AS1 functioned as a ceRNA of BAALC in TNBC by sequestering miR-380 -- 3p . Finally , rescue assays proofed that LRRC75A-AS1 facilitated cell proliferation , invasion and EMT processes in TNBC via sponging miR-380 -- 3p to upregulate BAALC . In conclusion , our study uncovered revealed the contribution of a novel ceRNA network of the LRRC75A-AS1 / miR-380 -- 3p/BAALC axis to TNBC development , which might indicate novel biomarkers for TNBC and also shed a new insight into TNBC treatment . References 1 . Bray , F. et al. . Global cancer statistics 2018 : GLOBOCAN estimates of incidence and mortality worldwide for 36 cancers in 185 countries . CA : Cancer J. Clinicians 68 , 394 -- 424 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 2 . Garrido-Castro , A. C. , Lin , N. U. & Polyak , K. Insights into molecular classifications of triple-negative breast cancer : improving patient selection for treatment . Cancer Discov . 9 , 176 -- 198 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 3 . Temian , D. C. , Pop , L. A. , Irimie , A. I. & Berindan-Neagoe , I . The epigenetics of triple-negative and basal-like breast cancer : current knowledge . J. Breast Cancer 21 , 233 -- 243 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 4 . Sporikova , Z. , Koudelakova , V. , Trojanec , R. & Hajduch , M. Genetic markers in triple-negative breast cancer . Clin . Breast Cancer 18 , e841 -- e850 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 5 . Bartsch , R. , Ziebermayr , R. , Zielinski , C. C. & Steger , G. G. Triple-negative breast cancer . Wien . Medizinische Wochenschr . -LRB- 1946 -RRB- 160 , 174 -- 181 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . 6 . Sasaki , Y. et al. . Complementary and alternative medicine for breast cancer patients : an overview of systematic reviews . Yakugaku Zasshi . 139 , 1027 -- 1046 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 7 . Telang , N. T. , Nair , H. B. & Wong , G. Y. C. Growth inhibitory efficacy of Cornus officinalis in a cell culture model for triple-negative breast cancer . Oncol . Lett . 17 , 5261 -- 5266 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 8 . Zhang , Y. et al. . Tanshinones : sources , pharmacokinetics and anti-cancer activities . Int . J. Mol . Sci . 13 , 13621 -- 13666 -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 9 . Yu , F. , Wang , L. & Zhang , B. Long non-coding RNA DRHC inhibits the proliferation of cancer cells in triple negative breast cancer by downregulating long non-coding RNA HOTAIR . Oncol . Lett . 18 , 3817 -- 3822 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 10 . Liu , R. et al. . Long noncoding RNA LINC00511 promotes cell growth and invasion in triple-negative breast cancer by interacting with Snail . Cancer Manag . Res . 11 , 5691 -- 5699 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 11 . Liu , A. N. et al. . LncRNA AWPPH and miRNA-21 regulates cancer cell proliferation and chemosensitivity in triple-negative breast cancer by interacting with each other . J. Cell . Biochem . 120 , 14860 -- 14866 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 12 . Li , P. , Zhou , B. , Lv , Y. & Qian , Q. LncRNA HEIH regulates cell proliferation and apoptosis through miR-4458 / SOCS1 axis in triple-negative breast cancer . Hum . Cell https://doi.org/10.1007/s13577-019-00273-1 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Article PubMed Google Scholar 13 . Yang , J. , Wu , W. , Wu , M. & Ding , J. Long noncoding RNA ADPGK-AS1 promotes cell proliferation , migration , and EMT process through regulating miR-3196 / OTX1 axis in breast cancer . Vitr . Cell . Dev . Biol . Anim . 55 , 522 -- 532 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 14 . Wang , L. et al. . LncRNA HCP5 promotes triple negative breast cancer progression as a ceRNA to regulate BIRC3 by sponging miR-219a-5p . Cancer Med . 8 , 4389 -- 4403 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 15 . Both , J. , Wu , T. , ten Asbroek , A. L. M. A. , Baas , F. & Hulsebos , T. J. M. Oncogenic properties of candidate oncogenes in chromosome region 17p11 .2 p12 in human osteosarcoma . Cytogenetic Genome Res . 150 , 52 -- 59 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . 16 . Han , L. , Li , Z. , Jiang , Y. , Jiang , Z. & Tang , L. SNHG29 regulates miR-223-3p / CTNND1 axis to promote glioblastoma progression via Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway . Cancer Cell Int . 19 , 345 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 17 . Lucena-Araujo , A. R. et al. . Clinical impact of BAALC expression in high-risk acute promyelocytic leukemia . Blood Adv. 1 , 1807 -- 1814 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 18 . Diaz-Beya , M. et al. . The expression level of BAALC-associated microRNA miR-3151 is an independent prognostic factor in younger patients with cytogenetic intermediate-risk acute myeloid leukemia . Blood Cancer J. 5 , e352 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 19 . Eisfeld , A. K. et al. . Heritable polymorphism predisposes to high BAALC expression in acute myeloid leukemia . Proc . Natl Acad . Sci . USA 109 , 6668 -- 6673 -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 20 . Morita , K. et al. . BAALC potentiates oncogenic ERK pathway through interactions with MEKK1 and KLF4 . Leukemia 29 , 2248 -- 2256 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 21 . Li , H. J. et al. . LncRNA UCA1 promotes mitochondrial function of bladder cancer via the MiR-195 / ARL2 signaling pathway . Cell . Physiol . Biochem . 43 , 2548 -- 2561 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 22 . Li , J. & Zou , X. MiR-652 serves as a prognostic biomarker in gastric cancer and promotes tumor proliferation , migration , and invasion via targeting RORA . Cancer Biomarkers 26 , 323 -- 331 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 23 . Chen , S. , Shi , F. , Zhang , W. , Zhou , Y. & Huang , J. miR-744-5p inhibits non-small cell lung cancer proliferation and invasion by directly targeting PAX2 . Technol . Cancer Res . Treat . 18 , 1533033819876913 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 24 . Dong , Z. , Yu , C. , Rezhiya , K. , Gulijiahan , A. & Wang , X. Downregulation of miR-146a promotes tumorigenesis of cervical cancer stem cells via VEGF/CDC42/PAK1 signaling pathway . Artif . Cells Nanomed . Biotechnol . 47 , 3711 -- 3719 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 25 . Li , J.-H. , Liu , S. , Zhou , H. , Qu , L.-H . & Yang , J.-H . starBase v2 .0 : decoding miRNA-ceRNA , miRNA-ncRNA and protein -- RNA interaction networks from large-scale CLIP-Seq data . Nucleic Acids Res . 42 , D92 -- D97 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . 26 . Cao , Z. , Pan , X. , Yang , Y. , Huang , Y. & Shen , H. B . The lncLocator : a subcellular localization predictor for long non-coding RNAs based on a stacked ensemble classifier . Bioinformatics 34 , 2185 -- 2194 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 27 . Chu , J. MicroRNA-589 serves as a tumor suppressor microRNA through directly targeting metastasis-associated protein 2 in breast cancer . Oncol . Lett . 18 , 2232 -- 2239 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 28 . Zhang , B. , Shetti , D. , Fan , C. & Wei , K. miR-29b-3p promotes progression of MDA-MB-231 triple-negative breast cancer cells through downregulating TRAF3 . Biol . Res . 52 , 38 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 29 . Liu , M. , Gong , C. , Xu , R. , Chen , Y. & Wang , X. MicroRNA-5195-3p enhances the chemosensitivity of triple-negative breast cancer to paclitaxel by downregulating EIF4A2 . Cell . Mol . Biol . Lett . 24 , 47 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 30 . Cai , Z. et al. . Nrf2-regulated miR-380-3p blocks the translation of Sp3 protein and its mediation of paraquat-induced toxicity in mouse neuroblastoma N2a cells . Toxicological Sci . https://doi.org/10.1093/toxsci/kfz162 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 31 . Liu , X. et al. miR-380-3p regulates melanogenesis by targeting SOX6 in melanocytes from alpacas -LRB- Vicugna pacos -RRB- . BMC Genomics 20 , 962 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 32 . Xiong , G. et al. . Long noncoding RNA GSTM3TV2 upregulates LAT2 and OLR1 by competitively sponging let-7 to promote gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic cancer . J. Hematol . Oncol . 12 , 97 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 33 . Mao , G. et al. . Long non-coding RNA HOTTIP promotes CCL3 expression and induces cartilage degradation by sponging miR-455-3p . Front . Cell Dev . Biol . 7 , 161 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 34 . Jeong , G. et al. . Long noncoding RNAs in vascular smooth muscle cells regulate vascular calcification . Sci . Rep. 9 , 5848 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 35 . Chen , J. et al. . Long noncoding RNA LRRC75A-AS1 inhibits cell proliferation and migration in colorectal carcinoma . Exp . Biol . Med . https://doi.org/10.1177/1535370219874339 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . Author information Affiliations The Department of Breast Surgery , the First Hospital of Jilin University , 130021 , Changchun , China Sijie Li , Di Wu , Hongyao Jia & Zhiru Zhang Authors Sijie Li You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Di Wu You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Hongyao Jia You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Zhiru Zhang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Corresponding author Correspondence to Di Wu . Supplementary information Rights and permissions Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License , which permits use , sharing , adaptation , distribution and reproduction in any medium or format , as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author -LRB- s -RRB- and the source , provide a link to the Creative Commons license , and indicate if changes were made . The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article 's Creative Commons license , unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material . If material is not included in the article 's Creative Commons license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use , you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder . To view a copy of this license , visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ . About this article Cite this article Li , S. , Wu , D. , Jia , H. et al. . Long non-coding RNA LRRC75A-AS1 facilitates triple negative breast cancer cell proliferation and invasion via functioning as a ceRNA to modulate BAALC . Cell Death Dis 11 , 643 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . https://doi.org/10.1038/s41419-020-02821-2 Received25 January 2019 Accepted22 July 2020 Published18 August 2020 DOIhttps : / / doi.org/10.1038/s41419-020-02821-2", "url": "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41419-020-02821-2", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.9995266199111938, "Health": 0.7045899033546448}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.7045899033546448}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.005922026931405032, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'urologist': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgO637A", "stitle": "Marijuana Business License Delays Complicate Illinois ' Goal To Diversify Industry", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Business License Delays Complicate Illinois ' Goal to diversify industry", "seg_content": "Illinois set itself apart from other states in many ways when it became the 11th state to legalize recreational cannabis . The state was the first in the country to pass it through the Legislature instead of by voter referendum . The bill included provisions to tackle some of the biggest criticisms other cannabis legalization efforts in the country have received -- that they do n't do enough to address the damage decades of marijuana criminalization and the war on drugs caused in minority communities . Lawmakers , especially from the Black and Latino caucus , wanted to ensure any legalization measure would include people from their communities , who 've historically been left out of the cannabis industry , said Kareem Kenyatta , co-founder of the Majority-Minority Group , which advises applicants . `` It 's no secret that the current industry is 99.9 % white , '' said Kenyatta , who lobbied Illinois lawmakers to include social equity provisions in the cannabis legislation . These provisions are intended to increase diversity among marijuana business owners and executives by giving license applicants who 've lived in areas of the state that have been severely harmed by the war on drugs a better chance of winning a license , Kenyatta explained . `` If you 've been in these areas , you should have access to and be able to participate in the industry that you probably have encountered at some point in your life , '' he said . The law also extends these incentives for people , and their immediate family members , who have been arrested or convicted for a minor marijuana offense . The state uses different criteria to score applications for dispensary , craft grower and other licenses . Twenty percent of an applicant 's overall score depends on meeting one of the state 's definitions of a `` social equity applicant . '' So far no new licenses have been awarded to anyone in the state . All of the initial licenses went to companies that were already established in Illinois ' medical industry . In May , state regulators were supposed to announce the winners of 75 additional dispensary licenses . And in July , applicants were expecting to hear if they had won a craft grower , infuser or transportation license . The state plans to initially limit craft grower and infuser licenses to 40 each . State regulators blame the coronavirus pandemic for the delays , and there is no official timeframe for when licenses might be announced . The Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation said dispensary licenses would be `` issued in coming weeks , '' after announcing they had formalized tiebreaking rules for applications last week . Hurting applicants ' chances The license delays hurt Illinois ' goals of adding diversity to the industry by placing extra financial pressure on applicants . `` As a social equity applicant , you 're paying attorney fees , fees for people to guide you through the process , '' Kenyatta said . `` The longer this drags out , the more funds you have to rely on . '' The costs to simply apply often come out of the pockets of applicants who do n't typically have established funding or industry connections , he said . `` Even if you are a successful business person , just having millions sitting around waiting for your next investment or venture is not likely , '' Kenyatta said . `` Once you get the license , that 's when opportunities open up and people are a lot more willing to invest in you . '' The pressure is even greater for craft grower license applicants because the application required them to have property ready to go should they win a license . For some applicants that means paying $ 5,000 a month or more in rent or mortgage to reserve a building they may not use . `` Not only is it delayed , we do n't know how long it 's delayed , '' said Lynn Paraharm , who applied for a craft grower license in Dolton , a south Chicago suburb . `` Most people were n't prepared for this . We never envisioned it going past July 1 without having a decision . '' Some Metro East applicants also criticized the process but declined to go on record with St. Louis Public Radio about their complaints . Paraharm said social equity applicants like himself face a tough decision on how much longer they can pour thousands of dollars into property and other expenses each month just to see if they 'll receive a license . He admits he is lucky because the landlord of the building he would use as a growing facility so far has not charged for rent . But that could change at any time . For Paraharm , the delays are also frustrating because they block him from achieving what he sees as another important aspect of the social equity provisions : bringing a lucrative industry and resources to historically underserved communities . He explained that 's what initially attracted him to apply for a license . `` This gives us an opportunity , if we 're fortunate enough to secure a license , to really make a difference in the community , '' Paraharm said . Becoming an insider in the cannabis industry would allow him to decide how the money from it would best benefit an area he lived in for decades , Paraharm said . He wants to use revenue from the craft growing business to establish scholarships at public high schools in Dolton and Harvey and donate to a local boxing club that does youth outreach . Philanthropy is a common thread with other social equity applicants , like Dr. Lawrence Hatchett , a urologist in Marion , whose group applied for 10 dispensary licenses across the state . `` We 're not big investors sitting on millions of dollars , waiting for a big payday , '' he said . `` Our discussion is about making it through the process and how we 're going to philanthropically make a difference . '' For Hatchett , that looks like donating to Southern Illinois University-Carbondale to specifically recruit Black and Latino students into the agriculture department to specialize in programs focused on cannabis . He said he wants to create a pipeline for them to get into the industry . `` We 're competing against hedge funds , equity funds , a lot of out-of-state money , '' Hatchett said . `` We want to keep all the money in our state . '' That becomes more challenging each day that passes without a decision from the state . `` If it gets delayed longer and longer , I think it weakens our chances of being successful , '' he said . Coronavirus complicates efforts The coronavirus pandemic has only intensified the assistance some majority minority communities need , especially because the virus and economic fallout from it has hit those areas harder than white communities . `` The community was already in need , they were already underserved eight months ago , '' Paraharm said of Dolton . `` So now with everything that 's happened over the last months , they 're even more underserved now . '' The delays have also frustrated city leaders who were expecting new revenue from cannabis businesses that will likely pop up in their communities . `` It 's disheartening . You can see the fruit right there on the tree and you ca n't grab it , '' said East St. Louis Mayor Robert Eastern III . `` I ca n't emphasize enough how we are hoping and praying that we get that in our city . It would be a good shot in the arm . '' A dispensary alone can turn the fortunes of a city . Collinsville did not need to lay off any city employees during the state coronavirus lockdown because of the tax revenue from its lone dispensary . Eastern said many groups had approached the city about establishing a dispensary , craft growing facility or other type of marijuana-related business in the community . He added that the organizations were excited about becoming part of the city 's fabric . `` It ca n't get here quick enough , '' Eastern said . `` To get this cannabis industry in East St. Louis during this time would have been just as impactful as when over 20 years ago we got the Casino Queen . '' Still hopeful the process will be fair For all the challenges the license delays create for applicants and the state , Kenyatta and other industry insiders remain hopeful Illinois will be successful in establishing more minority-owned cannabis businesses . Lawmakers required the state to publish a disparity study about a year after dispensaries started selling cannabis in 2020 , Kenyatta said . `` In 2021 if the numbers are n't at a certain point , the governor can re-evaluate , '' he said . `` The agency can look at licensing going forward to make sure there is diversity . '' The state also defines social equity applicants in a more expansive way compared to other cities and states that have tried similar incentive programs , said Avis Bulbulyan , chief executive officer of SIVA Enterprises . The consulting firm has developed successful applications for cannabis licenses in Massachusetts , Nevada and Pennsylvania , which have similar competitive merit-based application processes like Illinois . `` The opportunity is provided to people that have family members that were impacted by the war on drugs . It 's provided opportunity to those that were able to overcome their situations and are now in a position to give back , '' he said . `` Most of the other programs in the other states do n't take that into consideration . '' Social equity programs need to do more than simply provide an individual with a business license ; they need to promote mentorship , job placement and other tools that lift communities up , he said . Illinois ' program appears to achieve that , Bulbulyan added . The outcome of Illinois ' goal to diversify the cannabis industry will likely have national implications , said Bethany Gomez , managing director of Brightfield Group , a market research firm focused on the legal cannabis industry . Should the state be successful , it could serve as a model for other states that are considering legalizing recreational cannabis , she said . `` It can play a part in getting buy-in from left-leaning politicians , '' Gomez said . `` Other states like New York or New Jersey may have a rulebook to iterate off when they consider similar legislation in their states . '' More locally , Kenyatta sees the cannabis industry as a perfect test for how other industries in Illinois could adopt similar measures around social equity . `` We can look at other industries and how social equity can apply to them as well , '' he said . Eric Schmid covers the Metro East for St. Louis Public Radio as part of the journalism grant program : Report for America , an initiative of The GroundTruth Project . Follow Eric on Twitter : @EricDSchmid", "url": "https://news.stlpublicradio.org/economy-business/2020-08-18/marijuana-business-license-delays-complicate-illinois-goal-to-diversify-industry", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9188794493675232}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9188794493675232}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09094722702128688, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgOBOrE", "stitle": "Mott Poll : Parents Often Butt Heads With Grandparents Over Raising Kids", "seg_title_stem": "Mott Poll : parent often Butt head with grandparent over Raising Kids", "seg_content": "Whether it 's about what methods of punishment are appropriate or how much screen time kids should have , about half of parents disagree with their own parents when it comes to raising kids . According to a C.S. Mott Children 's Hospital National Poll on Children 's Health at Michigan Medicine , 43 % of parents report having a disagreement with one or more their children 's grandparents over their parenting . One in seven reports limiting the amount of time grandparents are allowed to spend with their children . The biggest dispute is over discipline . A full 40 % of parents say dustups occur because grandparents are too soft on the child , while 14 % say grandparents are too tough ; 46 % say disagreements arise from both . What constitutes an appropriate meal or snack accounts for 44 % of disagreements , and TV/screen time is a problem 36 % of the time . Other disagreements pertain to manners -LRB- 27 % -RRB- , health/safety -LRB- 25 % -RRB- , treating some grandchildren differently than others -LRB- 22 % -RRB- , bedtime -LRB- 21 % -RRB- , and 10 % of parents say they disagree with their children 's grandparents over posting and sharing on social media . As for change , about 43 % of parents say they have asked their parents to change their behavior but less than half have complied . Another 36 % say the grandparents agreed to alter their behavior but failed to do so . The poll concludes that disagreements between parents and grandparents can have lasting implications on family relationships . `` Grandparents play a special role in children 's lives and can be an important resource for parents through support , advice and babysitting . But they may have different ideas about the best way to raise the child and that can cause tension , '' says Mott Poll co-director Sarah Clark . `` If grandparents contradict or interfere with parenting choices , it can have a serious strain on the relationship . ''", "url": "https://99wfmk.com/mott-poll-parents-often-butt-heads-with-grandparents-over-raising-kids/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Society_Relationships": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Society_Relationships_Family": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgOBaFq", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://k945.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6847029468335247, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'flaunt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgOQBqe", "stitle": "Katrina Kaif , Anushka Sharma , Disha Patani : When B-town Beauties Flaunted their Love for Cartoon and Comic Book Characters", "seg_title_stem": "Katrina Kaif , Anushka Sharma , Disha Patani : when b-town Beauties flaunt they Love for Cartoon and Comic Book character", "seg_content": "Whoever said only boys are obsessed with comic books has no idea which century he 's living in . Girls these days are equally enthusiastic about the whole comic book culture and follow it rigorously . Credit the huge success of Marvel movies in recent times or the superhero movies overall but comic book characters are a huge rage among the youngsters and its obsession can be seen in our Bollywood divas as well . However , their fondness is n't restricted to superheroes and goes beyond it for cartoon characters as well . Kareena Kapoor Khan , Tara Sutaria or Bhumi Pednekar -- Who Nailed this Manish Malhotra Sequined Saree Better ? Vote Now . From Katrina Kaif , Disha Patani to Anushka Sharma -- B-town 's leading ladies have proudly flaunted their love for cartoon characters in the past and when we say ` flaunt ' , we mean incorporating them in their personal wardrobes . While Anushka 's own fashion label , Nush had earlier sold merchandise with Supandi 's prints , Disha like Kareena is a self-proclaimed Wonder Woman fan . Do n't believe us ? Check out a few pictures of their outings from the recent past . Fashion Faceoff : Katrina Kaif or Sonam Kapoor -- Who Looked More Stunning in her Black Corset Dress ? Kareena Kapoor Khan is a Wonder Woman Fan Kareena Kapoor Khan -LRB- Photo Credits : Instagram -RRB- Anushka Sharma Roots for Suppandi Anushka Sharma -LRB- Photo Credits : Instagram -RRB- Ananya Panday is a Marvel Freak Ananya Panday -LRB- Photo Credits : Instagram -RRB- Wonder Woman Love for Disha Patani Disha Patani -LRB- Photo Credits : Instagram -RRB- Lastly , Katrina Kaif Showing off her Love for Tom and Jerry Katrina Kaif -LRB- Photo Credits : Instagram -RRB- This whole idea about having a fashion line inspired by cartoon characters is a different league altogether . It 's a mania that 's yet to pick momentum in India but is already a multi-million dollar business abroad . The fashion here is n't about being glamorous . Instead , it 's about blending two words -- geek and charm together . There 's a completely different fan base for it and you need to be crazy enough to understand its rage . But on a lighter note , there 's no harm in going with the flow and picking merchandise for the sake of it . In the end , it 's all about enjoying -- character or fashion should be your choice . -LRB- The above story first appeared on News Brig on Aug 18 , 2020 02:24 PM IST . For more news and updates on politics , world , sports , entertainment and lifestyle , log on to our website newsbrig.com -RRB- .", "url": "https://newsbrig.com/katrina-kaif-anushka-sharma-disha-patani-when-b-town-beauties-flaunted-their-love-for-cartoon-and-comic-book-characters/96776/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9995448589324951}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Movies": 0.9995448589324951}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07252956790142813, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgORSZY", "stitle": "Wilderness Walk : Kicking COVID-19 's butt", "seg_title_stem": "wilderness walk : kick covid-19 's butt", "seg_content": "Let 's go over some news and notes : - There were n't many impact performers for the Wild in their play-in series against the Canucks , but Jonas Brodin was certainly one of them . -LSB- Hockey Wilderness -RSB- - It should be a pretty interesting offseason for the Wild , especially considering the possibilities of how they 'll land a top center . -LSB- The Athletic -RSB- - Should the Wild buy anyone out this offseason ? If they choose to , there a number of realistic options . -LSB- Zone Coverage -RSB- Off the trail ... - Players will soon be able to see their families in the playoff bubble , so that 's pretty nice . -LSB- ESPN -RSB- - Here are some of the best chirps from the first week of the conference quarterfinals . -LSB- The Athletic -RSB- - After losing Game 3 the Avalanche destroyed the Coyotes yesterday . Not looking great for Arizona . -LSB- Mile High Hockey -RSB- - Three weeks in the bubble and still not a single positive COVID-19 test . NHL is knocking this out of the park . NHL statement on COVID-19 testing results : pic.twitter.com/0WL9yTIa6e -- NHL Public Relations -LRB- @PR_NHL -RRB- August 17 , 2020 If you 're not already , be sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more news and notes on the Wild .", "url": "https://www.hockeywilderness.com/2020/8/18/21372396/wilderness-walk-kicking-covid-19s-butt", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Hockey": 1.0000098943710327}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Hockey_NHL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.061102845244725396, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgOXToN", "stitle": "PowerCloud USB-C power strip", "seg_title_stem": "PowerCloud usb-c power strip", "seg_content": "The development team at Torras has created a new USB-C power strip called the PowerCloud , capable of providing 65w of charging power and includes 10 different safeguarding features . PowerCloud is equipped with 3 AC outlets , 2 USB-C Power Delivery -LRB- PD -RRB- ports and 1 USB-A Quick Charge -LRB- QC -RRB- port . Not only does the PowerCloud support PD3 .0 fast charge technology through its dual USB-C ports but also QC3 .0 through the USB-A port rated at 18W , able to charge compatible devices up to 4 times faster than a conventional USB power strip . `` PowerCloud brings a power strip renaissance as the world 's first to achieve the highest PD 65W USB output in the smallest enclosure on the market . It establishes the standard for future USB power strips by providing higher speed charges for all your appliances including laptops while eliminating the need for adapters . '' `` Functionality does n't have to come at a cost of good design . Adopting a tradition-defying look , sleek outline and fireproof glossy coating , PowerCloud transcends into a sophisticated desktop powerhouse to keep a complete workstation and entertainment center fully powered and charged . '' Source : Kickstarter", "url": "https://www.geeky-gadgets.com/powercloud-usb-c-power-strip-18-08-2020/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.019410566064815653, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgOa8zm", "stitle": "Pa. . DA says she 's investigating ` multiple reports ' of adults on video seeking sex with kids", "seg_title_stem": "Pa. . DA say she be investigate ` multiple report ' of adult on video seek sex with kid", "seg_content": "Multiple reports of adults , including an ex-police officer , appearing on video seeking sex with minors have struck fear and outrage in one Pa. county . As the Citizens Voice reports , those troubling reports have surfaced in Luzerne County , where District Attorney Stefanie Salavantis responded Monday with a strongly-worded statement on the wave of child sex attempt aided by today 's technology and her office 's response . Salavantis ' statement , as first printed by the Citizens Voice , reads in full : `` The District Attorney 's Office has received reports of multiple incidents involving individuals appearing on video to meet minors for the purpose of having illicit sexual contact . One of those incidents , which is alleged to have occurred over the weekend , is reported to involve a former police officer from a Luzerne County municipality . Our office has been investigating these reports and is currently working with the multiple jurisdictions where the incidents are reported to have occurred including Plains Township and Kingston Borough who first contacted us to initiate these investigations . We will release further details to the extent they can be made publicly available while ensuring the integrity of the cases . `` Our office and the law enforcement departments with whom we work prioritize internet crimes against children among the most serious and severe cases our county confronts . With modern advances in technology , it daily becomes more difficult to guard against child predation on the internet . It is our goal that the prosecution , conviction and penalty associated with these cases acts as a deterrent to would-be predators , and we will continue to put all available resources into making our streets safer for all of Luzerne County . '' Salavantis did not elaborate on the type of video and technology platform being used for these attempts at child sex , be it video conferencing like Zoom or a social media site , such as Snapchat . She also did n't name the former police officer nor his former department under investigation after a troubling and detailed report over the weekend . Clearly , there will be more on this story as the investigation proceeds . 400-pound black bear found illegally shot and abandoned in Pa. : ` a complete waste ' Pa. protester , 28 , loses eye after being shot with ` beanbag ' by police : ` a baseball bat to the face ' Luzerne County District Attorney Stefanie Salavantis said Monday her office is investigating multiple reports of adults seeking sex with minors . https://t.co/302Zd0G8R0 -- The Citizens ' Voice -LRB- @CitizensVoice -RRB- August 17 , 2020", "url": "https://www.pennlive.com/crime/2020/08/pa-da-says-shes-investigating-multiple-reports-of-adults-on-video-seeking-sex-with-kids.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9949681162834167}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9949681162834167}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06138519245962751, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgOn6Kx", "stitle": "Marijuana Vending Machines are Now In Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Vending machine be now in Colorado", "seg_content": "In the new era of social distancing , Colorado has just introduced the first-ever marijuana vending machines . The vending machine , called Anna , is making its debut at the Strawberry Fields dispensary in Pueblo , and will soon be arriving at a different dispensary , Starbuds in Aurora , Colorado . The machines will be located inside the dispensary , so customers will still have to go through the process of checking in , showing their ID , and waiting their turn to make their purchase . However , the machines will eliminate the need to talk to the budtender , if in fact , the customer knows exactly what they want . These new vending machines will dispense marijuana in what 's known as ` flower , ' which is basically the smokable marijuana bud , as well as edibles and vape oils . The founder of these machines , Matt Frost , was inspired by the long waits to purchase marijuana from dispensaries in his native Massachusetts . He had this to say about his new invention : There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand-holding and want that education from a live person . With COVID-19 and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . Frost is also planning on implementing his Anna vending machines in non-dispensary locations to dispense CBD products , which are legal to sell in places like convenience stores . -LSB- Canon City Daily Record -RSB-", "url": "https://newcountry991.com/marijuana-vending-machines-are-now-in-colorado/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.717181770762645, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'bra': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgOtTWZ", "stitle": "Vanessa Simmons Flaunts Her Figure in a Bright Red Outfit and a Leather Jacket While Posing Outdoors", "seg_title_stem": "Vanessa Simmons flaunt she figure in a Bright Red Outfit and a Leather Jacket while pose outdoors", "seg_content": "Television personality and businesswoman extraordinaire Vanessa Simmons looked stunning in a recent post of her wearing workout clothes . Vanessa Simmons probably reinvented the word `` stunning '' with her recent Instagram post showing her in workout clothes . Simmons ' caption read : `` TGIF ! @yummyextensions #yummygirl '' Dressed in a hot , eyecatching red sports bra and matching gym leggings , Simmons looked absolutely amazing and ready to get her exercise done . She layered the outfit with a jacket and wore a pair of gray and red sneakers . Beside her was a jump rope and a beverage can to stay hydrated while working out . View this post on Instagram Style tip of the day : match your accessories to your protective face mask ! My mask and matching scarf are from @zamghuden and I love how elegant they look together ... #facemask #accessory #accessorize #jewelry #necklace #scarf #protectivefacemask #wearamask #watch #bracelet #selfie #beauty #beautylookoftheday #personalstyle #mystyle #whattowear A post shared by Vanessa Simmons -LRB- @vanessajsimmons -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 1:18 pm PDT Simmons ' long black locks fell to her thighs as she struck a pose while sitting on a gray yoga mat . The warm smile she gave to the camera was unmatched and instantly captivated her followers who fawned over her beauty in the comments . Simmons said her key to being successful in both motherhood and entrepreneurship was maintaining a balance . Besides skipping her way to an even more stunning physique and better health , Simmons ' quarantine period has been occupied mostly by her young daughter , Ava Marie Jean . The reality TV star shares her 6-year-old daughter with actor and comedian Michael Wayans . View this post on Instagram TGIF ! @yummyextensions #yummygirl ... #friday #tgif #thankgoditsfriday #weekendmode #weekendvibes #goalgetter #goals #athleisure #personalstyle #mystyle #whattowear A post shared by Vanessa Simmons -LRB- @vanessajsimmons -RRB- on Aug 14 , 2020 at 11:14 am PDT In an exclusive with People , Simmons and her sister , Angela revealed that their one rule during the health crisis was to take it one day at a time . Simmons added : `` Baths and self-care definitely help keep me grounded , energized , and happy for my daughter , which is important . Ca n't -LSB- pour -RSB- from an empty glass . '' Simmons said that self-care was at the top of the list for her and her sister . She had her work as a kindergarten teacher , her businesses , and her blog while starring on the reality TV show , `` Growing Up Hip Hop . '' View this post on Instagram I love the way the right words . An make you feel . ✨ POSITIVITY ✨ - that 's what motivated my girl @DeannaBombChica to launch @BombChicaApparel , her Inspirational , Self Love & Body Positive Apparel line for Women , Men & Kids . This `` PowHERful '' tee is the ultimate in Female empowerment & is available in Adult & Youth sizes - -LRB- Baby Onesies coming soon -RRB- ! Shop all Her designs : https://iamdeanna.com/shopbombchica/ ... #personalstyle #outfitoftheday #ootd #jewelry #tshirt #powherful #jeans #whattowear #mystyle A post shared by Vanessa Simmons -LRB- @vanessajsimmons -RRB- on Aug 12 , 2020 at 11:01 am PDT Simmons also recently embarked on her journey to fitness . She told the news outlet that she would be showing more of her health and fitness journey in the coming season of `` Growing Up Hip Hop '' and letting fans see just how all the magic happened . Her best advice for anyone struggling was to avoid beating themselves up if they made a mistake . They could only resolve to `` jump on it the next day . '' There was no productivity contest and they needed to take things day by day . View this post on Instagram Feeling blessed with family ! So thankful that I was able to spend yesterday with these two ... #momanddaughter #daughter #girlpower #hugs #athome #family #familytime A post shared by Vanessa Simmons -LRB- @vanessajsimmons -RRB- on Aug 7 , 2020 at 10:29 am PDT Simmons revealed that her key to being successful in both motherhood and entrepreneurship was maintaining a balance . She could get lost in taking care of her daughter that she sometimes needs to remember that she was just as important . The 37-year-old who also owns her skin-care line , `` Sugar Me '' admitted that she struggled to change when her daughter came , but she found her footing and now tackles things with a refreshed outlook . View this post on Instagram I 've always wanted to go to a paint and sip but never found the time , I thought it would be the perfect way to safely celebrate with family at home @cairoscustomevents did a fantastic job !!! Thanks to @lipsmackingcupcakes @mcbridesisters @boominballoonz and all other vendors for making this party amazing thank you @tiffdoeshair and @iamrodneyjon for my beautiful glam @yummyextensions ponytail of course ♀ Photography by @lyvellg A post shared by Vanessa Simmons -LRB- @vanessajsimmons -RRB- on Aug 6 , 2020 at 9:23 pm PDT Whether she is blasting her way to physical fitness , curating natural and healthy products for her business , catering to her daughter , or just having a relaxing bath , the three things that remain constant with Simmons are class , energy , and beauty .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/223670-vanessa-simmons-flaunts-her-figure-a-bri.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9974995851516724}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9974995851516724}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.021162349474515372, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgOwBm6", "stitle": "Obituaries in The Patriot-News , Aug. 18 , 2020", "seg_title_stem": "obituary in the Patriot-News , Aug. 18 , 2020", "seg_content": "The obituaries that appear in today 's edition of The Patriot-News are listed below , with links to each . The photos used are those submitted with the obituaries . Paul A. Bahn Jr. . Lawrence L. Deitrich Sr. . Walter C. Hoke Jr. . Albert M. Marcus Jr. . Elwood Neidig Jr. . Anthony W. Taylor Sr. . Thanks for visiting PennLive . Quality local journalism has never been more important . We need your support . Not a subscriber yet ? Please consider supporting our work .", "url": "https://www.pennlive.com/news/2020/08/obituaries-in-the-patriot-news-aug-18-2020.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.005045868764933357, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'urologist': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgPL3cj", "stitle": "Marijuana Business License Delays Complicate Illinois ' Goal To Diversify Industry", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Business License Delays Complicate Illinois ' Goal to diversify industry", "seg_content": "Illinois set itself apart from other states in many ways when it became the 11th state to legalize recreational cannabis . The state was the first in the country to pass it through the Legislature instead of by voter referendum . The bill included provisions to tackle some of the biggest criticisms other cannabis legalization efforts in the country have received -- that they do n't do enough to address the damage decades of marijuana criminalization and the war on drugs caused in minority communities . Lawmakers , especially from the Black and Latino caucus , wanted to ensure any legalization measure would include people from their communities , who 've historically been left out of the cannabis industry , said Kareem Kenyatta , co-founder of the Majority-Minority Group , which advises applicants . `` It 's no secret that the current industry is 99.9 % white , '' said Kenyatta , who lobbied Illinois lawmakers to include social equity provisions in the cannabis legislation . These provisions are intended to increase diversity among marijuana business owners and executives by giving license applicants who 've lived in areas of the state that have been severely harmed by the war on drugs a better chance of winning a license , Kenyatta explained . `` If you 've been in these areas , you should have access to and be able to participate in the industry that you probably have encountered at some point in your life , '' he said . The law also extends these incentives for people , and their immediate family members , who have been arrested or convicted for a minor marijuana offense . The state uses different criteria to score applications for dispensary , craft grower and other licenses . Twenty percent of an applicant 's overall score depends on meeting one of the state 's definitions of a `` social equity applicant . '' So far no new licenses have been awarded to anyone in the state . All of the initial licenses went to companies that were already established in Illinois ' medical industry . In May , state regulators were supposed to announce the winners of 75 additional dispensary licenses . And in July , applicants were expecting to hear if they had won a craft grower , infuser or transportation license . The state plans to initially limit craft grower and infuser licenses to 40 each . State regulators blame the coronavirus pandemic for the delays , and there is no official timeframe for when licenses might be announced . The Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation said dispensary licenses would be `` issued in coming weeks , '' after announcing they had formalized tiebreaking rules for applications last week . Hurting applicants ' chances The license delays hurt Illinois ' goals of adding diversity to the industry by placing extra financial pressure on applicants . `` As a social equity applicant , you 're paying attorney fees , fees for people to guide you through the process , '' Kenyatta said . `` The longer this drags out , the more funds you have to rely on . '' The costs to simply apply often come out of the pockets of applicants who do n't typically have established funding or industry connections , he said . `` Even if you are a successful business person , just having millions sitting around waiting for your next investment or venture is not likely , '' Kenyatta said . `` Once you get the license , that 's when opportunities open up and people are a lot more willing to invest in you . '' The pressure is even greater for craft grower license applicants because the application required them to have property ready to go should they win a license . For some applicants that means paying $ 5,000 a month or more in rent or mortgage to reserve a building they may not use . `` Not only is it delayed , we do n't know how long it 's delayed , '' said Lynn Paraharm , who applied for a craft grower license in Dolton , a south Chicago suburb . `` Most people were n't prepared for this . We never envisioned it going past July 1 without having a decision . '' Some Metro East applicants also criticized the process but declined to go on record with St. Louis Public Radio about their complaints . Paraharm said social equity applicants like himself face a tough decision on how much longer they can pour thousands of dollars into property and other expenses each month just to see if they 'll receive a license . He admits he is lucky because the landlord of the building he would use as a growing facility so far has not charged for rent . But that could change at any time . For Paraharm , the delays are also frustrating because they block him from achieving what he sees as another important aspect of the social equity provisions : bringing a lucrative industry and resources to historically underserved communities . He explained that 's what initially attracted him to apply for a license . `` This gives us an opportunity , if we 're fortunate enough to secure a license , to really make a difference in the community , '' Paraharm said . Becoming an insider in the cannabis industry would allow him to decide how the money from it would best benefit an area he lived in for decades , Paraharm said . He wants to use revenue from the craft growing business to establish scholarships at public high schools in Dolton and Harvey and donate to a local boxing club that does youth outreach . Philanthropy is a common thread with other social equity applicants , like Dr. Lawrence Hatchett , a urologist in Marion , whose group applied for 10 dispensary licenses across the state . `` We 're not big investors sitting on millions of dollars , waiting for a big payday , '' he said . `` Our discussion is about making it through the process and how we 're going to philanthropically make a difference . '' For Hatchett , that looks like donating to Southern Illinois University-Carbondale to specifically recruit Black and Latino students into the agriculture department to specialize in programs focused on cannabis . He said he wants to create a pipeline for them to get into the industry . `` We 're competing against hedge funds , equity funds , a lot of out-of-state money , '' Hatchett said . `` We want to keep all the money in our state . '' That becomes more challenging each day that passes without a decision from the state . `` If it gets delayed longer and longer , I think it weakens our chances of being successful , '' he said . Coronavirus complicates efforts The coronavirus pandemic has only intensified the assistance some majority minority communities need , especially because the virus and economic fallout from it has hit those areas harder than white communities . `` The community was already in need , they were already underserved eight months ago , '' Paraharm said of Dolton . `` So now with everything that 's happened over the last months , they 're even more underserved now . '' The delays have also frustrated city leaders who were expecting new revenue from cannabis businesses that will likely pop up in their communities . `` It 's disheartening . You can see the fruit right there on the tree and you ca n't grab it , '' said East St. Louis Mayor Robert Eastern III . `` I ca n't emphasize enough how we are hoping and praying that we get that in our city . It would be a good shot in the arm . '' A dispensary alone can turn the fortunes of a city . Collinsville did not need to lay off any city employees during the state coronavirus lockdown because of the tax revenue from its lone dispensary . Eastern said many groups had approached the city about establishing a dispensary , craft growing facility or other type of marijuana-related business in the community . He added that the organizations were excited about becoming part of the city 's fabric . `` It ca n't get here quick enough , '' Eastern said . `` To get this cannabis industry in East St. Louis during this time would have been just as impactful as when over 20 years ago we got the Casino Queen . '' Still hopeful the process will be fair For all the challenges the license delays create for applicants and the state , Kenyatta and other industry insiders remain hopeful Illinois will be successful in establishing more minority-owned cannabis businesses . Lawmakers required the state to publish a disparity study about a year after dispensaries started selling cannabis in 2020 , Kenyatta said . `` In 2021 if the numbers are n't at a certain point , the governor can re-evaluate , '' he said . `` The agency can look at licensing going forward to make sure there is diversity . '' The state also defines social equity applicants in a more expansive way compared to other cities and states that have tried similar incentive programs , said Avis Bulbulyan , chief executive officer of SIVA Enterprises . The consulting firm has developed successful applications for cannabis licenses in Massachusetts , Nevada and Pennsylvania , which have similar competitive merit-based application processes like Illinois . `` The opportunity is provided to people that have family members that were impacted by the war on drugs . It 's provided opportunity to those that were able to overcome their situations and are now in a position to give back , '' he said . `` Most of the other programs in the other states do n't take that into consideration . '' Social equity programs need to do more than simply provide an individual with a business license ; they need to promote mentorship , job placement and other tools that lift communities up , he said . Illinois ' program appears to achieve that , Bulbulyan added . The outcome of Illinois ' goal to diversify the cannabis industry will likely have national implications , said Bethany Gomez , managing director of Brightfield Group , a market research firm focused on the legal cannabis industry . Should the state be successful , it could serve as a model for other states that are considering legalizing recreational cannabis , she said . `` It can play a part in getting buy-in from left-leaning politicians , '' Gomez said . `` Other states like New York or New Jersey may have a rulebook to iterate off when they consider similar legislation in their states . '' More locally , Kenyatta sees the cannabis industry as a perfect test for how other industries in Illinois could adopt similar measures around social equity . `` We can look at other industries and how social equity can apply to them as well , '' he said . Eric Schmid covers the Metro East for St. Louis Public Radio as part of the journalism grant program : Report for America , an initiative of The GroundTruth Project . Follow Eric on Twitter : @EricDSchmid", "url": "https://www.kbia.org/post/marijuana-business-license-delays-complicate-illinois-goal-diversify-industry", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9188794493675232}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9188794493675232}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.22369018912364802, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgPZTkC", "stitle": "KN95 Face Masks Are n't Sexy , but Safety Is and This 5-Pack Is Just $ 15", "seg_title_stem": "kn95 Face Masks be not sexy , but Safety be and this 5-pack be just $ 15", "seg_content": "5-Pack : KN95 5-Layer Face Masks | $ 15 | MorningSave I 'm so proud of you for still wearing a mask , it 's super cool of you . But do you need an upgrade or maybe something a little more heavy-duty ? Or maybe you just want to put your mind at ease with something a smidge more protective ? Grab five of the KN95 masks from MorningSave right now for just $ 15 . These are industry-standard which means they are supposed to filter 95 percent of particles . That is just about as good as you can get . So the mask obviously does n't completely eliminate the risk of catching or spreading something but if you wear it correctly it still drastically reduces the likelihood . These are also great if you 've got severe allergies or asthma and protect against pollen , dander , and whatnot . The KN-95 is n't made for clinical environments not that you 're performing surgery with these but they will definitely protect you and others against what is currently out there . Not all heroes wear capes , but they do wear masks . So thank you . If you 've read a few of our pieces on MorningSave before and you like what you 've seen they offer a $ 5 monthly fee to get free shipping on all of your orders no matter how many . Otherwise , it 's a flat rate of $ 8 .", "url": "https://kinjadeals.theinventory.com/kn95-face-masks-arent-sexy-but-safety-is-and-this-5-pac-1844760320", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3373762096849861, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgPkgwc", "stitle": "Meet The Black Chef Who Opened The First Cannabis-Infused Cafe In The Country", "seg_title_stem": "Meet The Black Chef who open the first cannabis-infused Cafe in the country", "seg_content": "The cannabis industry generates billions of dollars in revenue each year as more and more states look to legalize it within the next year . The new legalization of the industry has also introduced a slew of business and job opportunities for those looking to gain more experience within the field . One woman decided to use her love of cooking to create the first weed-infused cafe in Los Angeles . Chef Andrea Drummer , a South Florida native , originally thought of her business as a farm-to-table restaurant . Later , she decided to pair meals with different weed strains . `` It was four years ago ; I was executive producing a project with Spotify called , the Breaking Bread series . They would compile a group of characters to sit around a table and consume a four - to six-course -LSB- cannabis-infused -RSB- menu that I would prepare for them . I noticed that a lot of them were all industry guys , and had very high tolerance , '' she explained in an interview with XONecole . `` I wanted to find a product that aligned with the brand that I was putting forth , and provide the cannabis as well , so we found Lowell -LRB- a popular cannabis farm and brand -RRB- . And it was a match made in heaven : the branding , the product , their care for the product , their attention to detail . I completely fell in love with the brand and they were excited to be able to provide products for me for my dinners . '' Drummer hopes that the visibility of the cafe can elevate other women and people of color like her within the cannabis industry looking to make a change from within . `` When I 've done all that I can do , I would hope that I am able to impact generational wealth for Black and brown communities , '' she continued . `` Being named an industry pioneer , challenging perception of the face of consumption , and being a partner of the first cannabis cafe in the U.S. , all equate to those polarizing monikers that , at the end of the day , I hope will serve as stepping stones to that end goal . '' View this post on Instagram Blurred lines : Home or Work ? #both #testkitchen : @vnomoore A post shared by Chef Andrea Drummer -LRB- @canna_queen71 -RRB- on Jul 21 , 2019 at 3:04 pm PDT", "url": "https://www.blackenterprise.com/meet-the-black-chef-who-opened-the-first-cannabis-infused-cafe-in-the-country/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01390214655170346, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgQPQsk", "stitle": "Cannabis Movers & Shakers : Flower One , Neptune Wellness", "seg_title_stem": "Cannabis Movers & Shakers : Flower one , Neptune Wellness", "seg_content": "Here we are in mid-August with the latest list of recent movers and shakers across the cannabis industry . Flower One Welcomes Nevada Operations COO To Board Salpy Boyajian , co-funder of NLV Organics , has joined Flower One Holdings Inc. 's -LRB- CSE : FONE -RRB- -LRB- OTCQX : FLOOF -RRB- Board of Directors . According to a Friday update , Boyajian was the part of Flower One 's operations in Nevada from the start , serving as its chief operating officer . The Toronto-based company first welcomed her in 2018 , as a result of the acquisition of NLV Organics . Besides being a serial entrepreneur and businesswoman , Boyajian is also a licensed clinician and psychotherapist . Ken Villazor , President and CEO , said they are excited about the new board addition . Salpy 's experience , leadership , relationships within the cannabis industry will be `` critically important perspectives for the Board , '' added Villazor . Salpy said she is honored the board welcomed her `` as we continue to grow in Nevada and deliver on our long term goals for the Company . '' Meanwhile , last month Geoff Miachika , the company 's former CFO , stepped down from the position due to personal reasons . Flower One appointed accountant David Kane as interim CFO . Neptune Wellness Elects Directors Fully integrated health and wellness company , Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. -LRB- NASDAQ : NEPT -RRB- -LRB- TSX : NEPT -RRB- , elected its directors , who will serve in the position until the next annual meeting of shareholders . The news is disclosed Friday , following this year 's virtual meeting , which took place on August 12 . The following individuals were elected : John M. Moretz Joseph Buaron Michael Cammarata Ronald Denis Michael de Geus Jane Pemberton Frank Rochon Richard Schottenfeld In addition , Ernst & Young , LLP , Chartered Professional Accountants were named the company 's auditors . Meanwhile , in June , the Laval , Quebec-based company launched Neptune Halo , which is poised to fight COVID 19 . It 's an electronic device that monitors the patients ' oxygen saturation levels and pulse rate .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17135334/cannabis-movers-shakers-flower-one-neptune-wellness", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012536581613429732, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgQZRyj", "stitle": "Nearly 2,300 Pounds Of Marijuana Found In Truck In Nebraska", "seg_title_stem": "nearly 2,300 pound of Marijuana Found in Truck in Nebraska", "seg_content": "COZAD , Neb. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- State troopers have found a massive load of marijuana worth about $ 5 million in a disabled commercial truck on Interstate 80 in south-central Nebraska . The Nebraska State Patrol says in a news release that the marijuana was found Saturday afternoon , when a trooper noticed a commercial box truck stopped on the shoulder of eastbound I-80 near Cozad and stopped to help . The trooper later became suspicious that the truck was involved in criminal activity , and it was towed to a patrol office in Lexington and searched . The patrol says the search turned up nearly 2,300 pounds of marijuana concealed inside cardboard boxes marked as electronics and other items . An Arizona man who was driving the truck was arrested . -LRB- file photo -RRB-", "url": "https://nodawaybroadcasting.com/2020/08/18/nearly-2300-pounds-of-marijuana-found-in-truck-in-nebraska/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09521976659987237, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgQfwQg", "stitle": "NE Iowa Man Arrested for Having Sex with 12 Year Old", "seg_title_stem": "ne Iowa Man arrest for have sex with 12 year Old", "seg_content": "A young Arlington man has been arrested for allegedly having sex with a 12 year old girl . The Fayette County Sheriff conducted the investigation , which took about a week . Authorities determined that 19 year old Tyler Tessmer of Arlington , solicited a girl to engage in a sex act with him . A search of Tessmer 's residence turned up electronic devices and a large amount of drug paraphernalia . A warrant was issued for Tessmer 's arrest , and he was taken into custody at a home in Cresco . Tessmer is being charged with Lascivious Acts with a Child , and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia . He is now being held in the Fayette County jail . According to the Fayette County Sheriff , the investigation is ongoing , and more charges could be filed .", "url": "https://koel.com/ne-iowa-man-arrested-for-having-sex-with-12-year-old/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.13794589105805455, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgQhiog", "stitle": "347 Stroker 1966 Ford Mustang Restomod Flaunts Focus RS Stealth Gray Paint Job", "seg_title_stem": "347 Stroker 1966 Ford Mustang Restomod flaunt Focus rs Stealth Gray Paint Job", "seg_content": "Imagine sending your restomodded pony to a garage for a trivial job only to receive a phone call that an electrical fire claimed the car . This unfortunate event happened to Gee , who could salvage only one part -- the 347 stroker V8 . After picking up a rough ` Stang to start all over again , this is how the project looks today , pretty much done . Not bad at all , is n't it ? Gee told AutotopiaLA that he took everything out from the donor car and then swapped the engine , transmission , and rear end from a GT Cobra . The 5.7-liter motor is running a rather low compression ratio -LRB- 8.5 to 1 -RRB- but still delivers 320 horsepower and 350 pound-feet at the rear wheels . CPP coilover suspension and disc brakes up front , CPP subframe connectors , CJ Pony Parts lower control arms , Intro 20-inch wheels , and 255/30 ZR-rated rubber shoes are a few other highlights , along with the 347 Stroker emblems on the front fenders , LED lighting , and side-exit exhaust setup . `` It 's either love or hate between the color and wheels , '' says Gee about the reactions he gets on social media , but beauty is in the eye of the beholder . Looking at the bigger picture , peeps who label those as `` wagon wheels '' may have no experience at all in terms of building a one-of-one project car . Believe it or not , that 's a Ford color . Stealth Gray from the Focus RS , to be more precise , which was unique to the all-wheel-drive hot hatchback and a no-cost option to boot . The only other solid paint finish that Ford offers was Frozen White , carried over from the second generation of the Focus RS . Believe it or not , the fog lights and passing lights are from a Harley-Davidson while the headlights may come as familiar to Jeep Wrangler enthusiasts . The Hurst classic white shifter , two cup holders , lots of red leather upholstery , and a three-spoke steering wheel round off the list of mods . As for the driving experience and the bellow of that V8 , fast-forward to 8:05 to find out what Gee has created over the course of two years .", "url": "https://www.autoevolution.com/news/347-stroker-1966-ford-mustang-restomod-flaunts-focus-rs-stealth-gray-paint-job-147544.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Vehicles": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8333073827532088, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'penis': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgR1fYf", "stitle": "Why Tiffany Haddish Is Telling Women to `` Stop Having Sex ''", "seg_title_stem": "why Tiffany Haddish be tell woman to `` stop have sex ''", "seg_content": "Tiffany Haddish Nearly Missed Out on `` Girls Trip '' Tiffany Haddish has a plea for women everywhere : Do n't have sex . The 40-year-old actress and comedian explained why on the Aug. 17 episode of The Tonight Show . The topic came up after Jimmy Fallon asked if her stand-up routine has changed since the start of the global coronavirus pandemic and protests for social justice . `` Definitely , '' the Girls Trip star replied . `` People are always asking me , ` Tiffany , what can we do ? What can we do to make changes ? ' What I 've incorporated in my comedy is something that I think that would work , that would change the systemic racism , the injustices that we all suffer . I think the key to it is : All women , just stop having sex . Everyone , just close their legs . Just shut it down . '' Haddish then quipped that this has `` happened in history before '' and that `` wars have stopped because of this . '' `` If every woman just said , ` That 's it . I 'm closing my legs until justice is served , until there is change , ' then things will be great , '' she added . And while Haddish joked `` the Karens '' will initially be `` overwhelmed because they do n't want change , '' she said they 'll soon `` be out there getting people registered to vote . '' `` Karens are going to be like , ` Look , I know I was talking crazy a few months ago , but I can not handle all this sex that I got ta do because everybody shut their legs , ' '' she said , later adding . '' ` So , please , please register to vote . Please , let 's make some change . ' '' Speaking of stand-up , Haddish also talked about her new Emmy-nominated special Tiffany Haddish : Black Mitzvah . In addition , she spoke about her new ` do and why she decided to shave her head , noting she 'd been wanting to do it for years and that this seemed like a good time . `` I wanted to know what I look like from my head to toe . Like , who am I from head to toe ? '' Haddish , who recently confirmed she 's dating Common , said . `` Every religion talks about knowing thyself . And I know where all my moles are except for the ones that were on my head . And now I know that I have two moles on my head . And it 's a little wrinkly in the back . And when it 's all the way gone , it 's very smooth . My head kind of feels like a penis , and that 's kind of nice . '' She also played a game called `` Wheel of Opinions . '' To see her full interview , watch the videos above . -LRB- E! and NBC are both part of NBCUniversal -RRB- .", "url": "https://www.eonline.com/news/1179924/why-tiffany-haddish-is-telling-women-to-stop-having-sex", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9231784343719482}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9231784343719482}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4256921806792041, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgREJLB", "stitle": "What Is Hemp ? What Experts Need You to Know", "seg_title_stem": "what be Hemp ? what expert need you to Know", "seg_content": "Hemp is hot . This relative of the marijuana plant contains CBD -LRB- cannabidiol -RRB- and acres of hemp are now being grown in the United States . In 2013 , there were zero acres of hemp in the U.S. and now there are around 150,000 , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture -LRB- USDA -RRB- . This crop 's exponential rise in popularity is due to the treasure trove of potentially healthful and helpful substances that can be extracted from its stalks , seeds , leaves , and roots , including the supplement CBD , as well as changes in how hemp is regulated by the federal government . You can find hemp in clothing , textiles , diapers , handbags , paper , ropes , carpeting , building materials , soaps , shampoos , and other personal care items . It 's also found in foods such as hemp seed oil , hemp hearts or seeds , hemp protein powder , and essential fatty acid food supplements . But what is hemp and why does it have so many uses ? Hemp vs. marijuana Like marijuana , hemp is a cannabis plant known as Cannabis sativa . The main difference between marijuana and hemp is how much THC -LRB- delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol -RRB- it contains . THC is responsible for marijuana 's mind-altering effects . Marijuana contains much more THC than hemp , while hemp boasts more CBD -LRB- cannabidiol -RRB- . Put another way : Hemp ca n't get you high . `` Marijuana has greater than .3 percent of THC , whereas industrial hemp has less than .3 percent , '' explains hemp researcher Haleigh Ortmeier-Clarke , graduate research assistant in the department of agronomy , University of Wisconsin-Madison . -LRB- Agronomy is the study of soil and crop production . -RRB- To put that in context , the average amount of THC is around 12 percent -LRB- 40 times as strong as hemp -RRB- ; some strains are 20 percent or more THC -LRB- 67 times stronger than hemp -RRB- . `` Chemically CBD is the kissing cousin of THC , '' says Kent Vrana , PhD , chair of the department of pharmacology at Penn State College of Medicine . `` They have identical chemical formulas -LRB- 21 carbon atoms , 30 hydrogen atoms , and two oxygen atoms -RRB- , but there is one bond broken in the chemical structure that is responsible for why THC is mind-altering and CBD is not . '' How is hemp used ? Hemp came bursting back into the limelight when the 2018 Farm Bill removed hemp and its derivatives with low THC from the Controlled Substances Act -LRB- CSA -RRB- , which is where THC currently remains , says Vrana . `` Until that time it was classified as a schedule 1 drug which made it hard to study and illegal to produce federally . '' It was reintroduced through state pilot programs by the 2014 Farm Bill , but commercial production was made possible by the 2018 bill . Historically industrial hemp has been grown for fiber , not CBD , Ortmeier-Clarke says . Found in the stalk of the plant , hemp 's fiber is considered green and eco-friendly . It falls into two categories . `` The outer , longer fiber is called bast fiber and is used in textiles , rope , and paper , '' she says . `` The inner fibers are called core/hurd fibers and are used in building materials or plastics . '' Hemp-based products can be recycled , reused , and are biodegradable , she notes . The plant delivers what some experts consider . They are an excellent source of protein and omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids . They also contain phytosterols or plant-based compounds that help lower cholesterol levels , says Dana Greene , a registered dietitian from Brookline , Massachusetts . `` You can sprinkle the seeds on cereal , yogurt , or salads and even bake with them for a nutritional boost . '' Hemp oil is derived from these seeds by cleaning the seeds and then cold pressing them . `` This oil can be used in cooking and cosmetics and shampoo , '' she says . `` Instead of mixing CBD with olive oil or other carrier oils , you could use oil from hemp grain as well . '' The same nutrients that make it healthy to eat can also make it healthy for skin and hair , Greene adds . The primary source of CBD Extracted from hemp 's leaves and flower , CBD is now driving the boom in hemp demand , Ortmeier-Clarke says . CBD is touted as a panacea for a long list of conditions and ailments including anxiety , depression , joint pain , skin woes , tummy troubles , sleep , and more . Researchers are investigating CBD for many health conditions . Some of the strongest evidence seems to be for treating some of the symptoms of childhood epilepsy . The FDA is currently deciding how best to regulate CBD oil , and that 's the biggest issue at hand , says Vrana . `` You can buy CBD over the counter and over the web , but it 's totally unregulated , '' he says . `` It 's being promoted as the be-all and end-all and there is precious little data backing up any of the claims . '' Buyer beware Products may not contain what is listed on the label since there is no watchdog at the moment , he says . CBD may also interfere with heart medications , antibiotics and other drugs , he says . This is why you should talk to your doctor before you start taking supplements . It 's also risky to take unproven remedies such as CBD in lieu of treatments that are known to be effective . There 's another concern too . CBD ca n't get you high , but it could cause you to fail a drug test due to trace amounts of THC , he says . Unless and until the FDA starts regulating CBD products , it 's user beware , Vrana stresses . The post What Is Hemp ? What Experts Need You to Know appeared first on The Healthy .", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/what-is-hemp-what-experts-need-you-to-know/ar-BB186pQL", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9717556834220886}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9717556834220886}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.019199279395396302, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgRJAmx", "stitle": "Coffee To Cannabis : Curious What Howard Schultz Is Up To ? Here 's The Investment The Starbucks Alum -LRB- And Other Big Names -RRB- Are Gravitating To", "seg_title_stem": "Coffee to Cannabis : curious what Howard Schultz be up to ? here 's the investment the Starbucks alum -lrb- and other big name -rrb- be gravitate to", "seg_content": "Howard Schultz gave up his executive chairmanship of Starbucks two years ago . but after testing the waters for a presidential run -- then backing away -- he has apparently switched from coffee to cannabis . Both Schultz and fellow luminaries NBA star Kevin Durant and rapper/media personality Snoop Dogg are investing heavily in the online cannabis ordering platform Dutchie . Not just that , but Durant and Snoop are sinking significant cash into the Bend , Ore. , startup for the second time . Snoop 's Casa Verde Capital , Durant 's Thirty Five Ventures and Schultz have joined with Gron Ventures -LRB- another investor-returnee -RRB- plus lead investor VC firm Thrive Capital , for a $ 35 million Series B round for Dutchie . That follows close on the heels of a $ 3 million seed round and a $ 15 million Series A round . The total to date : $ 53 million for a company founded just three years ago . No wonder CEO Ross Lipson sounded happy in a phone interview on Monday . `` When your investors follow on with their investment -- they invested in a prior round and continue to invest -- it 's a really good sign . It shows the investors are aligned with your goals and your execution , '' Lipson said . `` What this allows you to do , this capital , is to really build on this team , to hire top talent and -LSB- boost -RSB- the innovation to the product . '' The product at stake is Dutchie 's ecommerce platform for online cannabis orders . Dispensaries use the platform to process their products for delivery or pickup in both recreational and medical states . And consumers can visit the website themselves . According to Lipson , Dutchie works with more than 1,300 dispensaries in 25 states and Canada , performing an average 75,000 orders a day and chalking up $ 2.4 billion in annualized sales through the platform . Not bad for a startup that Lipson , as CEO , and his older brother Zach , as chief products officer , co-founded just three summers back . Yet despite the big-name investors and mega millions raised , Lipson insists that he has n't given up that much in equity -LRB- he declines to disclose those figures -RRB- . `` It 's a business arrangement , of course , '' he says . `` Investors invest capital for equity in the company , -LSB- but -RSB- I can say it 's very aligned with both Dutchie , myself and the investors . I feel strongly that any business deal arrangement needs to be win-win , that we both feel this is a win-win for everyone involved . '' Apparently , the cannabis delivery -LRB- performed by the dispensaries only -RRB- and online ordering business is a big win-win despite the negative economic forces going on in general . Lipson credits his company 's timing . `` It 's definitely a unique time and a very uncertain time , '' he allows . `` However , with the pandemic , we 've seen a big consumer shift to purchasing products online in all industries ; and cannabis is definitely an industry where we 're seeing consumer behavior shift from stores to online . `` Fortunately , Dutchie offers the tools that allow consumers to easily and safely order cannabis products online , and for dispensaries to offer a tool that keeps up with the times , offers a contact-less way to reach that dispensary . So it is uncertain times , it is a difficult time to raise money : However , I would say that Dutchie is in a strong position . '' So strong , he says in response to a question , that a Series C round is not out of the question . Despite that optimism , Lipson still describes the difficulties inherent in being a cannabis startup navigating the complicated and constantly shifting array of regulations out there . `` It 's something we 've been able to do up until this point , but we know that road is long and it 's not an easy journey , and we 'll continuously fight an uphill battle , '' he adds . Meanwhile , he 's confident that Dutchie is meeting its goals precisely because it 's remained uber-focused on its particular cannabis space even as other companies have pursued multiple opportunities -- at their peril . That does n't make running a new company easy , Lipson says . Indeed , he likens his task to `` running a marathon in quicksand -- that 's how I look at running a startup . ''", "url": "https://www.forbes.com/sites/joanoleck/2020/08/18/coffee-to-cannabis-curious-what-howard-schultz-is-up-to-heres-the-investment-the-starbucks-alum-and-other-big-names-are-gravitating-to/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08005512058047735, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butts': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butts': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgRNJae", "stitle": "Study confirms that painting eyes on cow butts helps ward off predators", "seg_title_stem": "Study confirm that painting eye on cow butt help ward off predator", "seg_content": "Cattle herds in the Okavango delta region in Botswana are plagued by attacks by lions and other predators , prompting farmers to retaliate by killing the predators . An alternative nonlethal technique involves painting eyes on the butts of cattle to trick ambush predators like lions into thinking they 've been spotted by their intended prey . It 's called the `` Eye-Cow Project , '' and a recent paper published in the journal Communications Biology provides some solid empirical evidence for the practice . There are now practical guides for using the `` eye-cow '' technique available in both English and Setswana , so farmers can try it out for themselves . Neil Jordan , a conservation biologist at the University of New South Wales in Australia , came up with the idea several years ago while he was doing field work in Botswana . Local farmers killed a pair of lionesses in retaliation for preying on their herds of cattle , and Jordan wanted to come up with a non-lethal alternative . The African lion population has dropped significantly from more than 100,000 in the 1990s to somewhere between 23,000 and 39,000 in 2016 -- much of it due to retaliation killings . Jordan knew that butterfly wings sporting eye-like patterns are known to ward off preying birds and are also found in certain fish , mollusks , amphibians and birds , although such patterns had not been observed in mammals . He also discovered that woodcutters in Indian forests have been known to wear masks on the backs of their heads to discourage any tigers hunting for prey . He had observed a lion stalking an impala and noticed the predator gave up the chase when the prey spotted it . Lions are ambush hunters , Jordan reasoned , and he decided to test his `` detection hypothesis '' that painting eyes on the butts of cows would discourage predatory behavior from the local lion population . The Botswana Predator Conservation Trust -LRB- BPCT -RRB- agreed to work with Jordan on the project , along with a local farmer , for a ten-week pilot study . Jordan and the farmer painted eyes on one-third of a herd of 62 cattle and took a head count when the cattle returned to the fold each night to see how many had survived . Only three cows were killed during that period , none of which had painted eyes on their butts . All the painted cows survived . Granted , it was a small sample size , but those results were encouraging enough to convince Jordan to conduct a more ambitious study over the last four years . His team worked with local farmers in the Okavango delta region , painting the cattle in 14 herds -LRB- a total of 2,061 animals -RRB- . They used acrylic paint -LRB- black and white or yellow -RRB- , applied with foam stencils in the shapes of the inner and outer `` eye . '' The colors were chosen `` because of their highly contrasting and aposematic features , common in natural anti-predator signaling settings , '' the authors wrote . Roughly one-third of the cattle in each herd got the eye patterns , one-third got simple cross-marks , and one-third were n't painted at all . The results confirmed Jordan 's preliminary findings . Cattle with the painted eyes on their rumps were significantly more likely to survive than those cattle that had crosses painted on their butts and those that were n't painted at all . But the authors were surprised to find that even the painted crosses offered some survival advantage over the unpainted cattle . Over the course of the four-year study , 15 -LRB- out of 835 -RRB- unpainted and four -LRB- out of 543 -RRB- cross-painted cattle were killed by lions ; none of the 683 cattle with painted eyes were killed . `` To our knowledge , our research is the first time eyespots have been shown to deter large mammalian predators , '' said co-author Cameron Radford , a graduate student at the University of South Wales . `` Previous work on mammal responses to eye patterns has generally supported the detection hypothesis . We think this may suggest the presence of an inherent response to eyes that could be exploited to modify behavior in practical situations , such as to prevent human-wildlife conflicts , and reduce criminal activity in humans . '' There are a couple of caveats . First , Jordan acknowledged that there were always unmarked cattle in the herd for their experiments as controls -- what he termed `` proverbial sacrificial lambs . '' It 's not clear whether applying painted eyes to cow butts would be as effective if all the cows in the herd were painted . He suggests that farmers apply the marks to the most valuable cattle in the herd as the best approach until future research can be done . Second , there is the question of habituation : whether predators will eventually become accustomed to the painted eyes and learn to ignore it as a deterrent . `` Protecting livestock from wild carnivores -- and carnivores themselves -- is an important and complex issue that likely requires the application of a suite of tools , including practical and social interventions , '' said Jordan . `` The eye-cow technique is one of a number of tools that can prevent carnivore-livestock conflict . No single tool is likely to be a silver bullet . Indeed , we need to do much better than a silver bullet if we are to ensure the successful coexistence of livestock and large carnivores . But we 're hoping this simple , low-cost , non-lethal approach could reduce the costs of coexistence for those farmers bearing the brunt . '' DOI : Communications Biology , 2020 . 10.1038 / s42003-020-01156-0 -LRB- About DOIs -RRB- .", "url": "https://arstechnica.com/science/2020/08/study-confirms-that-painting-eyes-on-cow-butts-helps-ward-off-predators/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8226750273510599, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgRQjfR", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Shares Why She Decided to Get Her Breast Implants Removed", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale Shares why she decide to get she breast implant remove", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale is opening up about her mental and physical wellness ! The 35-year-old High School Musical star took to Instagram on Monday to share her `` most personal post '' in which she talked about her decision to remove her breast implants and also why she decided to get them in the first place . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself , '' she wrote . `` And for a short period of time ... it did . '' Tisdale revealed that she suffered from `` minor health issues '' like `` food sensitivities '' and `` gut issues '' that she felt were caused by her implants . She also shared that she underwent an implant removal last winter to combat these issues . The post featured a photo of Tisdale wearing a floral bikini on the beach , looking content in the sun . `` This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me , '' she continued . View this post on Instagram Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . ❤ Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 8:02 am PDT Tisdale used the post to promote her new wellness site , Frenshe . `` We take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between , '' she said of the website 's mission . Tisdale is n't the first star to remove her breast implants . Watch the clip below to see what Chrissy Teigen had to say about her recent removal surgery :", "url": "https://www.etonline.com/ashley-tisdale-shares-why-she-decided-to-get-her-breast-implants-removed-151499", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.7550098299980164}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.7550098299980164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0482776194480214, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgRVJjc", "stitle": "Bright Eyes Will Join NPR Music 's Listening Party For ` Down In The Weeds ... '", "seg_title_stem": "bright eye will join NPR Music 's Listening Party for ` down in the weed ... '", "seg_content": "This Friday at 4 p.m. ET , join us for an online listening party for Bright Eyes ' new album , Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was , hosted by All Songs Considered 's Bob Boilen and featuring a live conversation with Bright Eyes members Conor Oberst , Mike Mogis and Nathaniel Walcott . You can RSVP via NPR Presents and watch via YouTube . It 's been nine years since The People 's Key , what Oberst then considered the final Bright Eyes album . He 's released three studio albums since under his own name , reformed the band Desaparecidos and started another with Phoebe Bridgers , Better Oblivion Community Center . Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was is densely textured and rooted in apocalyptic dread . When `` Persona Non Grata '' was released in March , NPR Music 's Stephen Thompson said that Bright Eyes ' first song back was `` a bundle of nervy anxiety , possibly even a bit too well-suited to the current moment . '' So please join us in the chat room to ask questions , or just to shout out your love and thoughts to Bright Eyes . Let 's listen together !", "url": "https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/2020/08/18/900829262/listening-party-conor-oberst-bright-eyes-down-in-the-weeds", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8181107334516686, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'damn': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgRdCL1", "stitle": "` Sports Illustrated ' Model Haley Kalil Sizzles & Shakes Her Booty In Video Clip", "seg_title_stem": "` Sports Illustrated ' Model Haley Kalil Sizzles & Shakes she Booty in Video Clip", "seg_content": "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue model Haley Kalil sizzled as she shimmied and shook her booty to a popular social media tune in a new Instagram clip . The redheaded stunner brought joy to her 335,000 followers via the video , which has been liked over 7,000 times and counting . It showed a playful side of the 28-year-old , who danced with joy to a TikTok favorite . In the fun upload , Haley was seen as she typed at a computer keyboard . The song titled `` Mi Pan Zoo Zoo Zoo '' began and the model slyly smiled as she moved her body back and forth to the tune . She stood up out of her seat . As Haley rose , she appeared to really get into the music and danced with elation as she rocked back and forth and shook her hips . Haley flung her hair about and began to perform in a sultry manner to the music . She joked in the caption that all she was trying to do was work but the catchy song stayed stuck in her head , hence her cute reaction in the clip . Haley wore a yellow , long-sleeved t-shirt , which was tied in a knot right under her ribcage . She paired that with black , high-waisted athletic pants that featured two white stripes down the side . View this post on Instagram Me just trying to work and make a living ... ... . but my brain keeps playing this damn song 271929292 times . A post shared by H A L E Y K A L I L -LRB- @haleyybaylee -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 12:56 pm PDT The Sports Illustrated stunner wore her auburn tresses blown out straight , and her hair bounced as she danced . She accessorized with a delicate gold choker and simple gold hoop earrings . She was seated in what appeared to be a living area . Beyond her chair , the decor featured a paneled ceiling and walls that were painted a light color . A brown sofa was seen in the distance , as well as a fireplace . Above that , a large television was mounted . Light fixtures made of what appeared to be wrought iron were displayed on either side of the TV . Fans had a lot of reactions to the clip , reacting with joy to Haley 's positive energy . `` This is great , I love your content . You always seem to be so happy , '' remarked one person . `` This is ME ! That tune is lowkey fire lol , '' said a second follower . `` You are so gorgeous and full of life Haley . You brighten my Instagram feed every day , '' stated a third Instagram user . `` Better than the song running through my head : the Paw Patrol theme , '' said a fourth fan , citing the catchy theme of the popular animated children 's television series .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6231155/haley-kalil-shimmies/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9574559330940247}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9574559330940247}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8603669630396229, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgRdpK0", "stitle": "Tarsha Whitmore Sizzles In A Revealing Top & Matching Figure-Hugging Skirt", "seg_title_stem": "Tarsha Whitmore Sizzles in a reveal Top & Matching Figure-Hugging Skirt", "seg_content": "Australian bombshell Tarsha Whitmore stunned her 845,000 Instagram followers with her most recent share , a tantalizing double-pic update in which she rocked a matching set that flaunted her curves . The pictures were taken in Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia , as the geotag indicated , and Tarsha appeared to be out at a bar or restaurant . The background in the snaps was dark , but a few details were still visible . Tarsha rocked an ensemble from the brand Misspap , and she made sure to tag the brand 's Instagram page in the caption of the post as well as in the picture itself . She showcased her ample assets in a revealing top that covered about the same amount of skin as an average bikini top . A scooped neckline revealed a serious amount of cleavage , and pale green fabric draped over her breasts before wrapping around her body . Thin straps stretched around her neck for support , and plenty of her toned stomach was on display as well . The pale hue of the garment looked gorgeous against her bronzed skin . Tarsha paired the top with a figure-hugging skirt that had a high-waisted fit . The fabric clung to her slim hips and thighs , showing off her shapely figure . Tarsha finished off the look with a few simple accessories , including some earrings and a white clutch purse . Her long locks tumbled down her chest in tight curls , and she had her eyes closed as she flashed the peace sign at the camera . View this post on Instagram Got heaps of questions about where this set 's from when I wore it over the weekend -- it 's from @misspap ???? I 'll leave a swipe up link on my stories ! ❤ A post shared by Tarsha Olarte ???? -LRB- @tarsha . whitmore -RRB- on Aug 18 , 2020 at 2:59 am PDT For the second snap , Tarsha gave her followers a full-body look at her ensemble . Though the skirt clung to every inch of her lower body as though it were painted on , the hem came all the way to her ankles , and the maxi length kept her skin covered up . She finished the look with some strappy white sandals , and gazed directly at the camera as she played with her hair . Her followers absolutely loved the sizzling update , and the post received over 8,400 likes within two hours , as well as 67 comments from her audience . `` Stunning as always , '' one fan commented , followed by a heart eyes emoji . `` Mermaid vibes , '' another devotee added . `` You look AMAZING , '' a third fan exclaimed , captivated by Tarsha 's beauty . `` Girl you are just insanely gorgeous , '' said another user . Yesterday , as The Inquisitr reported , Tarsha posted a smoking-hot beach snap in which she flaunted her curves . She rocked a pale blue bikini from the brand White Fox , and had her ample assets on full display as she stood on a pristine , empty beach . Her long locks appeared damp and were slicked back away from her face as she gazed off into the distance , the sun illuminating her flawless features .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6231287/tarsha-whitmore-revealing-top/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9945467710494995}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9945467710494995}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6682995090861309, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgRebAr", "stitle": "Black-Owned Online Shop , Liquid Gold Vintage , for Nursing and Breast Pumping Moms", "seg_title_stem": "Black-Owned Online Shop , liquid gold vintage , for Nursing and breast pumping mom", "seg_content": "By Donna Duarte-LaddA nursing mom 's wardrobe may change from ` before baby ' to ` after ' -- fast becoming an array of deep v-neck tees and camisoles . Easy on , easy off . In the beginning , this is perfectly fine , as it is all about accessibility . Then style or rather the desire for a sense of fashion creeps in . With COVID , many moms are wearing relaxed pieces -LRB- read : stretchy -RRB- more than ever . As we navigate kids and quarantine life , this has made sense . However , as we enter into another school year of COVID life , moms want their style back . This is especially true for nursing moms who are in a bit of a double whammy dressing during this time . For nursing moms , style in non-pandemic times can be a challenge . New mothers are dealing with how the style fits their bodies and functions in their life . Finding a wardrobe balance is essential , and balance is key when adding pieces that elevate your wardrobe . Liquid Gold Vintage Special enough to go with your comfy jeans or over your nursing top while you have a ZOOM meeting or a social distancing mom meet up , this is where Liquid Gold Vintage , a black-owned and operated curated vintage for nursing mamas enters the picture . This well-curated site caught this former fashion director 's eye for being out of the box style that is n't what others think nursing or pumping moms ` should ' be wearing . Moms are sexy , stylish , and wearing something showcased on Liquid Gold Vintage celebrates women . We recently chatted with Brooklyn mother , Alexis Kristiana , owner and founder of Liquid Gold Vintage , a Curated Vintage shop for the nursing -LRB- and breast pumping -RRB- mama . What inspired you to found Liquid Gold Vintage ? I 've always had a deep love for standout vintage finds , and I found myself shopping for a lot of pieces that were nursing friendly after giving birth to my son . I was struggling to find nursing pieces in stores and online that made me feel like myself and resonated with my style . I did n't want to sacrifice style to be able to nurse comfortably . So I started looking for my own vintage pieces one day and it turned into an `` I could make this into a business '' moment . The nursing clothes that are available to us on the market are just completely outdated and do n't reflect the waves that have been made in the breastfeeding community . I wanted to see clothes out there for the breastfeeding mamas that reflected that change . We need breastfeeding clothing that makes us feel empowered , confident , and stylish , so I went out and started curating pieces that would be that change . What are some of the key styles and fits that a nursing and breastfeeding mom should look for ? Easy access to that liquid gold is the name of the game here . You want to look for pieces that button-down easily , nothing with teeny tiny buttons that will be hard to get open with a fussy eater . Think medium to big size buttons . Anything that has snap closures in the front is also great , along with making sure the fabric is n't too lightweight and can withstand any breast milk leakage that will and can occur ! Be mindful to also stay away from fabrics that are itchy and can be uncomfortable for your nursing little ones . Think soft cottons , blends , etc. . Liquid Gold Vintage is curated , how does a piece make it into the collection ? First I take into consideration the uniqueness of the piece . Is it stand out enough ? Will it make some breastfeeding mama feel better in it during her breastfeeding journey ? Then I test out the functionality of it -- I make sure it 's easy to nurse or pump in and that it 's comfortable for not only mom but for your little one you 'll be nursing . Lastly , I inspect the garment and it 's quality , making sure it 's worth adding to the shop ! This article first appeared on newyorkfamily.com", "url": "https://philly.metro.us/black-owned-online-shop-liquid-gold-vintage-for-nursing-and-breast-pumping-moms/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9965819120407104, "Lifestyle": 0.9989132881164551, "Society": 0.9848893284797668}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 0.9989132881164551, "Health_Other": 0.9965819120407104, "Society_Relationships": 0.9848893284797668}, "third_cat": {"Society_Relationships_Family": 0.9592281579971313}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06138519245962751, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgRhcWJ", "stitle": "Marijuana Vending Machines are Now In Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Vending machine be now in Colorado", "seg_content": "In the new era of social distancing , Colorado has just introduced the first-ever marijuana vending machines . The vending machine , called Anna , is making its debut at the Strawberry Fields dispensary in Pueblo , and will soon be arriving at a different dispensary , Starbuds in Aurora , Colorado . The machines will be located inside the dispensary , so customers will still have to go through the process of checking in , showing their ID , and waiting their turn to make their purchase . However , the machines will eliminate the need to talk to the budtender , if in fact , the customer knows exactly what they want . These new vending machines will dispense marijuana in what 's known as ` flower , ' which is basically the smokable marijuana bud , as well as edibles and vape oils . The founder of these machines , Matt Frost , was inspired by the long waits to purchase marijuana from dispensaries in his native Massachusetts . He had this to say about his new invention : There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand-holding and want that education from a live person . With COVID-19 and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . Frost is also planning on implementing his Anna vending machines in non-dispensary locations to dispense CBD products , which are legal to sell in places like convenience stores . -LSB- Canon City Daily Record -RSB-", "url": "https://kool1079.com/marijuana-vending-machines-are-now-in-colorado/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.23234240391102987, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'xxx': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgRtdPA", "stitle": "Triple H Discusses Allegations Velveteen Dream Sent Nude Photos to Minors", "seg_title_stem": "triple h discuss allegation Velveteen dream send Nude Photos to Minors", "seg_content": "WWE Executive Vice President of Global Talent Strategy and Development and NXT founder Triple H addressed the allegations made against Velveteen Dream during an interview Monday . Multiple people have alleged that Dream -LRB- real name Patrick Clark -RRB- had inappropriate communications with them while they were underage . Dream made his return to NXT television last week after over one month away , and Triple H explained to Brent Brookhouse of CBS Sports that Dream 's absence was due to a car accident he was involved in rather than the allegations : `` Everything that we have done , we are comfortable with him continuing to do what he does and everything else . But he had a car accident . It stemmed down to people thought we removed him from TV for different reasons . We did n't . He was in a car accident . `` Once he was medically cleared to be able to return to the ring from his car accident , we continued forward the way we did . We looked into what was there and we did n't find anything . '' Triple H also noted that WWE looked into the allegations against Dream and did n't find anything that warranted disciplinary action or his release from the company : `` You know , in this day today , accusations are made and you take them all very seriously . You look into them the best you can , and you find out what is there and what is n't . In this situation , -LSB- Clark -RSB- was also involved in a car accident . That 's what took him off TV . In the moment , all this other stuff happens and you look into it and you find that there is a situation that people bring to everyone 's attention , you look into it and find that it is what it is and there 's nothing there . '' Per WrestlingInc.com 's Marc Middleton , independent wrestler Josh Fuller is among those who levied allegations against Clark . Fuller said he met Clark at an independent wrestling show when he was 16 and Clark was 19 . Fuller alleged that Clark `` tried to get -LSB- him -RSB- to show him his full body , and allegedly promised to help get Fuller a job with WWE . '' Clark also allegedly tried to keep their relationship a secret . Following Clark 's return to television , Fuller tweeted that no one from WWE had contacted him to investigate his allegations . In April , a person who said they were 17 years old posted screenshots of a conversation they allegedly had with Clark through Instagram direct messages that included a censored version of an explicit photo they said Clark sent to them . In a tweet that has since been deleted , Dream denied any wrongdoing : `` Be assured I did not communicate inappropriately with anyone . A private photo of mine was shared without my consent or knowledge and I am working with a third party to look into this matter . '' The 24-year-old Dream has been a fixture in NXT over the past few years . He is also known for appearing on the sixth season of WWE Tough Enough in 2015 . The former NXT North American champion made his return on last week 's episode of NXT in a Triple Threat match against Cameron Grimes and Kushida , with the winner earning a place in the North American Championship ladder match at NXT TakeOver : XXX this weekend . Dream lost the match when Grimes pinned Kushida , and he then turned heel afterward by attacking Kushida until Finn Balor interrupted . Balor and Dream are scheduled to face each other on Wednesday 's episode of NXT for a spot in the ladder match at TakeOver .", "url": "https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2905167-triple-h-discusses-allegations-velveteen-dream-sent-nude-photos-to-minors", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9962799549102783}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 0.9962799549102783}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.043840491284734606, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgSYUf5", "stitle": "Bright Eyes Will Join NPR Music 's Listening Party For ` Down In The Weeds ... '", "seg_title_stem": "bright eye will join NPR Music 's Listening Party for ` down in the weed ... '", "seg_content": "Primary Content This Friday at 4 p.m. ET , join us for an online listening party for Bright Eyes ' new album , Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was , hosted by All Songs Considered 's Bob Boilen and featuring a live conversation with Bright Eyes members Conor Oberst , Mike Mogis and Nathaniel Walcott . You can RSVP via NPR Presents and watch via YouTube . It 's been nine years since The People 's Key , what Oberst then considered the final Bright Eyes album . He 's released three studio albums since under his own name , reformed the band Desaparecidos and started another with Phoebe Bridgers , Better Oblivion Community Center . Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was is densely textured and rooted in apocalyptic dread . When `` Persona Non Grata '' was released in March , NPR Music 's Stephen Thompson said that Bright Eyes ' first song back was `` a bundle of nervy anxiety , possibly even a bit too well-suited to the current moment . '' So please join us in the chat room to ask questions , or just to shout out your love and thoughts to Bright Eyes . Let 's listen together !", "url": "https://www.gpb.org/news/all-songs-considered/2020/08/18/bright-eyes-will-join-npr-musics-listening-party-for-down-in", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0173513028823261, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgSdfjx", "stitle": "Dick 's Sporting Goods adds chief communications and sustainability officer", "seg_title_stem": "Dick 's Sporting Goods add chief communication and sustainability officer", "seg_content": "Coraopolis-based retailer brings veteran of agencies , corporations and sports world to its C-suite , PRWeek reports .", "url": "https://www.bizjournals.com/pittsburgh/news/2020/08/18/dicks-adds-chief-communications-officer.html?ana=newsbreak", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010677906174720482, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgSi5dT", "stitle": "The Boys Season 3 Production Slowed By ` Sex , Fights , and Crowds '", "seg_title_stem": "the Boys season 3 production slow by ` sex , fight , and crowd '", "seg_content": "With The Boys season 2 dropping on Amazon Prime streaming this September , showrunner Eric Kripke recently sat down with Collider to discuss the making of the series . During the interview he went into some detail on the plans for the show 's third season , and when/how they 'll be beginning production . Perhaps the most significant info for the show 's timeline is the focus on block shooting , which means episodes will be filmed in chunks of two at a time , allowing the production to film multiple scenes if they take place in the same location . Despite this , production will likely go a bit slower than season 2 , with the team planning on spending 15 days per episode , as opposed to last seasons 12 days per episode . The first four episodes ' scripts for season 3 are also already finished , with the writers conducting daily Zoom meetings in order to keep working . For the time being , they plan to have all the scripts finished before the next season hits filming , a date which is currently set for sometime in January 2021 . Due to the difficulty in travelling between locations , Kripke revealed that while Jeffrey Dean Morgan was also planned to appear during season 3 , he may not be able to because of his prior commitments to The Walking Dead , though options are still being discussed between both parties . When asked about how the Coronavirus might be affecting the script , Kripke was adamant that he was not compromising the text for any real-world concerns . He explained that the big issues with filming are `` sex , fights , and crowds '' and that `` The Boys is characters having sex and fighting in front of crowds . '' Kripke expressed his concern that by cutting back on those elements the show might become `` unrecognizable '' and that it was his job as a producer was to make sure there were no creative compromises , even if production needs to work around it . The showrunner emphasized his desire for repeated , reliable testing instead , remarking that if the crew can test people every day as they walk in , they could do the show safely . Hopefully the cast and crew will find a way to make the show they want to make , while also managing to keep everyone safe on set . The Boys season 2 premieres on Amazon streaming September 4 . Source : Collider", "url": "https://gamerant.com/the-boys-season-3-release-date/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10427596425665156, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgSpEfw", "stitle": "Findlay priest arrested on sex trafficking charges ; bishop places him on administrative leave", "seg_title_stem": "Findlay priest arrest on sex trafficking charge ; bishop place he on administrative leave", "seg_content": "FINDLAY , Ohio -- The Cleveland Division of the FBI and the United States Attorney 's Office on Tuesday announced the federal arrest of 53-year-old Father Michael Zacharias in Findlay . He was immediately placed on leave by the Diocese of Toledo , with Bishop Daniel Thomas expressing his shock and revulsion at the allegations of sexual misconduct against the priest . Zacharias , a priest at St. Michael the Archangel Parish , is charged with sex trafficking of a minor , sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud or coercion , and coercion or enticement . Officials say Zacharias was taken into custody on Tuesday at this residence without incident by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . It appears Zacharias celebrated daily Mass shortly before he was arrested . According to the complaint , investigators are aware that Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . The Diocese said he was ordained a priest in 2002 and these are the first such allegations to be raised against him . FBI Agent Eric Smith said Zacharias served at other parishes during his time as a priest , including St. Catherine 's in west Toledo . VIDEO : FBI NEWS CONFERENCE The FBI is encouraging anyone that has had contact with Zacharias where they may have been `` groomed '' for possible future sexual purposes , they were inappropriately touched or they were sexually assaulted by Zacharias to contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . In addition , the Diocese of Toledo encourages people to report any such allegation to the Diocesan Victim Assistance Coordinator at 419-214-4880 . VIDEO : ACCUSED PRIEST GIVES MASS JUST BEFORE HIS ARREST The FBI says all information will be strictly confidential . A statement from Bishop Thomas said , `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests . The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' In accordance with the Policy for the Protection of Minors and Young People , while on administrative leave , Father Zacharias can not exercise public priestly ministry , administer any of the Sacraments , wear clerical attire or present himself as a priest . Administrative leave is a precautionary measure while an allegation is being investigated . VIDEO : BISHOP , MAYOR REACT TO CHARGES AGAINST PRIEST Findlay 's mayor , Christina Muryn , issued a statement Tuesday that said no criminal complaints have been filed locally in relation to Zacharias . The Findlay Police Department also has no information to believe that St. Michael 's School or its students are involved in Zacharias ' FBI complaint . `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias . These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society , '' Muryn said .", "url": "https://www.wtol.com/article/news/local/findlay-priest-arrested-on-sex-trafficking-charges/512-3a337cd7-3d10-4a18-8a1c-814942571a15", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.8653468489646912, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.939449667930603}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.8653468489646912, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.939449667930603}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8761411987781339, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgSpnNF", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://hot975fm.com/ashley-tisdale-reveals-why-she-removed-her-breast-implants/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7650399547477243, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgSveDS", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Reveals Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale reveal why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale got candid about removing her breast implants . In an Instagram post , the 35-year-old actress , singer and producer explained her decision to remove her breast implants , as well as opened up about some alarming personal health concerns . `` Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' Tisdale , who has committed to a non-toxic lifestyle , revealed . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she continued . `` I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Tisdale 's journey of `` growth , self discovery , self acceptance and self-love '' has inspired her new health and wellness company Frenshe , which is loosely titled after her married name , Ashley French . `` We will explore the benefits of healthy living on a budget , fashion , diet trends , plastic surgery , and even finding how to truly love ourselves , '' she wrote about the rand in a blog post . `` Yes , we 're getting that deep ! ''", "url": "https://b100quadcities.com/ashley-tisdale-removed-breast-implants-health-concerns/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017687704094577164, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgSxXUB", "stitle": "Cannabis Partners With Last Prisoner Project To Help Raise Funds , Amplify Its Message", "seg_title_stem": "Cannabis Partners with last Prisoner Project to help Raise Funds , Amplify its message", "seg_content": "Benzinga , a financial news and data company , announced today that it has partnered with the Last Prisoner Project -LRB- LPP -RRB- , a coalition of cannabis industry leaders , executives and artists dedicated to bringing restorative justice to the cannabis industry . As the United States moves away from the criminalization of cannabis , giving rise to a major new industry , there remains the fundamental injustice inflicted upon those who have suffered criminal convictions and the consequences of those convictions . LPP is dedicated to releasing cannabis prisoners and helping them rebuild their lives . The Last Prisoner Project utilizes a three-pronged approach to securing FULL freedom for the communities they serve . Through intervention , advocacy , and awareness campaigns LPP works to redress the past and continuing harms of these unjust laws and policies . Learn more at Benzinga x LPP 's Social Equity Programs panel at the August 18 Cannabis Capital Conference . Per the partnership , Benzinga will donate 5 % of all ticket sales from its upcoming Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference to the LPP . Benzinga will also be collecting additional donations during the course of the event , in benefit of the LPP . Beyond the panel on social equity programs , which will feature LPP 's Policy Advisor/Director Natalie Papillion , Benzinga will allocate resources and engage partners in helping distribute and amplify LPP 's message across the media . `` At Benzinga , we understand the cannabis industry and community are very intertwined , and the only way to move forward is by giving back , by doing right by those unjustly affected by the War on Drugs for so many years , '' said Patrick Lane , Senior Vice President of Partnerships at Benzinga . `` Having been on the receiving end of police violence and systemic harassment many more times than anyone ever should , I have a very personal connection with the Last Prisoner Project and its mission . I am immensely proud to work with a company like Benzinga , which stands for these values that are so important to me and many others in the cannabis community -- and extremely eager to work with LPP in advancing their objectives , '' said Benzinga Cannabis Managing Director and El Planteo CEO Javier Hasse . `` Last Prisoner Project is incredibly grateful for the support of Benzinga . Together we will shine a light on the injustice of Michael Thompson , Richard DeLisi and other cannabis prisoners who are currently incarcerated for a plant medicine that has now been deemed an essential business during a global pandemic , '' said Mary Bailey , Managing Director of Last Prisoner Project . About Last Prisoner Project The Last Prisoner Project -LRB- LPP -RRB- is a coalition of cannabis industry leaders , executives and artists dedicated to bringing restorative justice to the cannabis industry . LPP is dedicated to releasing cannabis prisoners and helping them rebuild their lives . As the United States moves away from the criminalization of cannabis , giving rise to a major new industry , there remains the fundamental injustice inflicted upon those who have suffered criminal convictions and the consequences of those convictions . Through intervention , advocacy and awareness campaigns , the forces behind the Last Prisoner Project will work to redress the past and continuing harms of these unjust laws and policies and are dedicated to making sure that every last victimless cannabis prisoner walks free . Visit www.LastPrisonerProject.org or text FREEDOM to 24365 to donate and learn more . About Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing , dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality , unique content . About Benzinga Events : The Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference series is held throughout the year in North American cities . Each event brings investors face-to-face with top cannabis companies to hear about advancements in the rapidly evolving sector . SOURCE Benzinga", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17138607/benzinga-cannabis-partners-with-last-prisoner-project-to-help-raise-funds-amplify-its-message", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3858412739034457, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgSyQGt", "stitle": "Findlay priest charged with multiple child sex crimes", "seg_title_stem": "Findlay priest charge with multiple child sex crime", "seg_content": "FINDLAY , Ohio -LRB- WTVG -RRB- - The pastor of a Catholic church in Findlay was arrested and is being federally charged with numerous crimes related to sexual conduct with minors . Michael Zacharias , 53 , is charged with coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud , or coercion . Zacharias is the pastor of St. Michael the Archangel in Findlay . Investigators are aware Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . Zacharias , who was ordained in 2002 , has been placed on administrative leave effective immediately from his position at St. Michael 's , according to Bishop Daniel E. Thomas . `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Thomas said in a press release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' The FBI is encouraging anyone that has had contact with Michael Zacharias where they may have been `` groomed '' for possible future sexual purposes , they were inappropriately touched or they were sexually assaulted by Michael Zacharias to contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . All information will be strictly confidential .", "url": "https://www.13abc.com/2020/08/18/findlay-priest-charged-with-multiple-child-sex-crimes/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.846710741519928}, "second_cat": {"Society_Religion": 0.846710741519928}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.020340105119798696, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgTIkPA", "stitle": "GrowGeneration CEO says cannabis ` business is booming ' after company ups guidance", "seg_title_stem": "GrowGeneration CEO say cannabis ` business be boom ' after company up guidance", "seg_content": "` We saw a 50 % increase in walk-in business quarter over quarter . Business is booming , ' GrowGeneration CEO Darren Lampert said . The hydroponic and organic garden retailer recently raised its guidance to $ 175 million on the high end , up from the $ 130 million to $ 135 million once forecast earlier this year . ` We 're ...", "url": "https://www.newsbreak.com/news/2042583170532/growgeneration-ceo-says-cannabis-business-is-booming-after-company-ups-guidance", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2595312168884557, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgTbwZT", "stitle": "New Targets for Treatment of Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Discovered", "seg_title_stem": "New Targets for treatment of triple-negative breast cancer discover", "seg_content": "Four new subtypes of cells within triple-negative breast cancer -LRB- TNBC -RRB- have been uncovered , containing promising new therapeutic targets for the disease , according to an article published in EMBO Journal .1,2 Researchers from the Garvan Institute of Medical Research demonstrated that 1 of the new subtypes of cells is able to produce molecules that suppress immune cells , which allows cancer cells to evade the immune system . This understanding may progress research so that a new class of therapies for TNBC can be developed .1,2 `` Patients with triple-negative breast cancers have a poor prognosis , in large part because treatment approaches have advanced very slowly , '' said senior author of the study Alex Swarbrick , head of the Tumour Progression Laboratory at Garvan Institute , in a press release . `` We 've analyzed individual cells in patient tumor samples to gain unprecedented insights into what makes up a tumor , allowing us to identify subtypes of cells and investigate their role in disease . `` 2 TNBC is named as such because it lacks 3 receptors for oestrogen , progesterone , and the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 -LRB- HER2 -RRB- protein . These 3 receptors are targeted with specialized therapies in other breast cancers , but by their nature , such therapies are ineffective for TNBC .1,2 For this reason , patients with TNBC lack treatment options and experience poor outcomes . A significant number of these patients die within 5 years of diagnosis .1,2 `` In our study , we searched for new potential targets for therapy by analyzing the individual cells inside triple-negative breast tumors . This includes not only the cancer cells themselves , but also the surrounding host cells , such as immune and connective tissue cells , which can be thought of as the cancer ` ecosystem ' that supports a tumor to grow and spread , '' said Sunny Wu , PhD , first author of the study , in a press release .2 In order to create a snapshot of each cell 's gene activity , the researchers used 24,271 individual cells extracted from biopsy samples of 5 patients with TNBC for next-generation sequencing . Through this analysis , the researchers were able to detect more than 6000 unique ribonucleic acid -LRB- RNA -RRB- molecules in every cell .1,2 The researchers observed 4 cell subtypes of stromal cells that form the connective tissues , although prior research on the subject had only considered the presence of 1 type of stromal cell .1,2 With the role of the additional cell subtypes in TNBC unknown , the researchers investigated further to reveal some surprising interactions among the signaling molecules produced by the stromal cells and immune cells .1,2 `` Our findings suggest that there is significant crosstalk between the immune system and stromal cells , which were generally thought to have only a structural role in cancers , '' Swarbrick said in the press release .2 For example , the researchers discovered that 1 cell subtype , the inflammatory cancer-associated fibroblasts -LRB- iCAFs -RRB- , released the chemokine CXCL12 , which is a signaling molecule that suppresses T cells ' anti-tumor activity .1,2 `` This is significant because immunotherapy -- which is designed to activate the patient 's immune system against a tumor -- has limited response in many patients with triple-negative breast cancer , '' Swarbrick said in the press release . `` If iCAFs are suppressing T cells in triple-negative breast cancer , and we can remove this interaction , T cells will be more susceptible to activation and more likely to attack the cancer . `` 2 For this reason , combining immunotherapy with a treatment that stops the interaction between stromal cells and immune cells may lead to improving the treatment of TNBC , according to the researchers .1,2 The team explained that to investigate this issue further , they will analyze more breast cancer samples in order to more thoroughly understand the cells that comprise TNBC , their interactions , and interventions to stop disease progression .1,2 `` Pathologists have been describing cancers under the microscope for more than 150 years , but we still only have a shallow understanding of the cells that are there , '' Swarbrick said in the press release . `` Cellular genomics is showing us that what we once thought of as one cell type is in reality a diversity of cell types , which will have a significant impact on how we tailor treatments in future . `` 2 REFERENCE Wu S , Roden D , Wang C , et al. . Stromal cell diversity associated with immune evasion in human triple‐negative breast cancer . EMBO Journal . 2020 ; e104063 . doi : 10.15252 / embj .2019104063 . Breast cancer ` ecosystem ' reveals possible new targets for treatment . Garvan Institute of Medical Research ; August 13 , 2020 . eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2020-08/giom-bc080920.php . Accessed on August 17 , 2020 .", "url": "https://www.pharmacytimes.com/news/new-targets-for-treatment-of-triple-negative-breast-cancer-discovered", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7997378918833363, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgTg2UL", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale ` Decided To Undergo ' Breast Implant Removal Following ` Minor Health Issues '", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale ` decide to undergo ' breast implant removal follow ` Minor Health Issues '", "seg_content": "Honesty hour ! Ashley Tisdale got candid with her fans on social media about why she decided to remove her breast implants after `` struggling with minor health issues . '' `` Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared , '' the High School Musical star captioned a photo of herself in a bikini on the beach via Instagram on August 17 . `` As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago , I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . '' View this post on Instagram Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . ❤ Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 8:02 am PDT Tisdale noted that `` for a short period of time , '' she felt more confident . However , that all changed when she started experiencing `` health issues that just were not adding up . '' `` Food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by implants , '' she continued . `` So , last winter , I decided to undergo implant removal . '' Tisdale -- whose post was inspired by her new wellness blog , Frenshe -- told her followers that `` this journey has been one of growth , self-discovery , self-acceptance and most importantly self-love . '' `` This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can just tell how happy I am to finally be me , '' she shared . `` Over the years , I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . '' Even though the Disney alum went through some ups and downs , it 's safe to say she is in a much better place today . `` I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! '' Following the honest post , Tisdale 's friends could n't help but show her some love in the comments section . Sarah Michelle Gellar -- who previously worked with Tisdale on The Crazy Ones -- wrote , `` You are beautiful inside and out , '' while Kim Daugherty added , `` You 're an inspiration ! '' Meanwhile , Tisdale 's husband , Christopher French , chimed in , writing , `` I love you baby so so proud of you . '' The Merry Happy Whatever starlet replied , `` @cmfrench thanks for helping me find me again . Love you . '' In May 2019 , Tisdale released her third studio album , Symptoms , where she openly talked about her struggles with anxiety and depression . `` This is the best representation of who I am , '' she told Nylon magazine at the time . `` This album is a piece of me . '' `` I feel like the best part of this record is that it 's not talking about the subject and dwelling in it , '' she added . `` Each song is a symptom of what I experience , but we flipped it and made the songs also about something else . It 's more about having fun and acknowledging that we have these symptoms -- people with anxiety and depression -- but also not taking it ... kind of laughing about these situations sometimes . '' `` Sometimes we get so serious-anxiety can make us feel a certain way , and I wanted to free myself of it , '' she concluded .", "url": "https://okmagazine.com/news/ashley-tisdale-reveals-why-she-removed-her-breast-implants/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017620682048795112, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgThGIP", "stitle": "Dick 's Sporting Goods adds chief communications and sustainability officer", "seg_title_stem": "Dick 's Sporting Goods add chief communication and sustainability officer", "seg_content": "Dick 's Sporting Goods has hired a chief communications and sustainability officer whose career spans agencies and corporations and includes senior leadership marketing roles at the Breeders ' Cup and National Basketball Association . Peter Land was appointed to the newly created post and reports to Dick 's president Lauren Hobart , industry trade publication PRWeek reported . Land , who is senior vice president at the Coraopolis-based retailer , is responsible for internal and external communications including media relations , government affairs , internal , store and executive communications , crisis communications , corporate event management and sustainability , according to Dick 's -LRB- NYSE : DKS -RRB- website . Most recently , Land was a partner at Finsbury for five years . Based in London and New York , Finsbury has been Dick 's public relations agency of record for the past three years , PRWeek 's article said . According to Land 's LinkedIn profile , he is based in New York . Previously Land led corporate communications at AOL , was a senior vice president at PepsiCo , served as chief marketing officer for the Breeders ' Cup and was director of marketing communications for five years for the NBA . He started his career as a sportswriter at the Washington Post .", "url": "https://www.bizjournals.com/pittsburgh/news/2020/08/18/dicks-adds-chief-communications-officer.html?ana=smartnews", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.26474491782805737, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgThTWc", "stitle": "What Is Hemp ? What Experts Need You to Know", "seg_title_stem": "what be Hemp ? what expert need you to Know", "seg_content": "Hemp is hot . This relative of the marijuana plant contains CBD -LRB- cannabidiol -RRB- and acres of hemp are now being grown in the United States . In 2013 , there were zero acres of hemp in the U.S. and now there are around 150,000 , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture -LRB- USDA -RRB- . This crop 's exponential rise in popularity is due to the treasure trove of potentially healthful and helpful substances that can be extracted from its stalks , seeds , leaves , and roots , including the supplement CBD , as well as changes in how hemp is regulated by the federal government . You can find hemp in clothing , textiles , diapers , handbags , paper , ropes , carpeting , building materials , soaps , shampoos , and other personal care items . It 's also found in foods such as hemp seed oil , hemp hearts or seeds , hemp protein powder , and essential fatty acid food supplements . But what is hemp and why does it have so many uses ? Hemp vs. marijuana Like marijuana , hemp is a cannabis plant known as Cannabis sativa . The main difference between marijuana and hemp is how much THC -LRB- delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol -RRB- it contains . THC is responsible for marijuana 's mind-altering effects . Marijuana contains much more THC than hemp , while hemp boasts more CBD -LRB- cannabidiol -RRB- . Put another way : Hemp ca n't get you high . `` Marijuana has greater than .3 percent of THC , whereas industrial hemp has less than .3 percent , '' explains hemp researcher Haleigh Ortmeier-Clarke , graduate research assistant in the department of agronomy , University of Wisconsin-Madison . -LRB- Agronomy is the study of soil and crop production . -RRB- To put that in context , the average amount of THC is around 12 percent -LRB- 40 times as strong as hemp -RRB- ; some strains are 20 percent or more THC -LRB- 67 times stronger than hemp -RRB- . `` Chemically CBD is the kissing cousin of THC , '' says Kent Vrana , PhD , chair of the department of pharmacology at Penn State College of Medicine . `` They have identical chemical formulas -LRB- 21 carbon atoms , 30 hydrogen atoms , and two oxygen atoms -RRB- , but there is one bond broken in the chemical structure that is responsible for why THC is mind-altering and CBD is not . '' How is hemp used ? Hemp came bursting back into the limelight when the 2018 Farm Bill removed hemp and its derivatives with low THC from the Controlled Substances Act -LRB- CSA -RRB- , which is where THC currently remains , says Vrana . `` Until that time it was classified as a schedule 1 drug which made it hard to study and illegal to produce federally . '' It was reintroduced through state pilot programs by the 2014 Farm Bill , but commercial production was made possible by the 2018 bill . Historically industrial hemp has been grown for fiber , not CBD , Ortmeier-Clarke says . Found in the stalk of the plant , hemp 's fiber is considered green and eco-friendly . It falls into two categories . `` The outer , longer fiber is called bast fiber and is used in textiles , rope , and paper , '' she says . `` The inner fibers are called core/hurd fibers and are used in building materials or plastics . '' Hemp-based products can be recycled , reused , and are biodegradable , she notes . The plant delivers what some experts consider . They are an excellent source of protein and omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids . They also contain phytosterols or plant-based compounds that help lower cholesterol levels , says Dana Greene , a registered dietitian from Brookline , Massachusetts . '' You can sprinkle the seeds on cereal , yogurt , or salads and even bake with them for a nutritional boost . '' Hemp oil is derived from these seeds by cleaning the seeds and then cold pressing them . `` This oil can be used in cooking and cosmetics and shampoo , '' she says . `` Instead of mixing CBD with olive oil or other carrier oils , you could use oil from hemp grain as well . '' The same nutrients that make it healthy to eat can also make it healthy for skin and hair , Greene adds . The primary source of CBD Extracted from hemp 's leaves and flower , CBD is now driving the boom in hemp demand , Ortmeier-Clarke says . CBD is touted as a panacea for a long list of conditions and ailments including anxiety , depression , joint pain , skin woes , tummy troubles , sleep , and more . Researchers are investigating CBD for many health conditions . Some of the strongest evidence seems to be for treating some of the symptoms of childhood epilepsy . The FDA is currently deciding how best to regulate CBD oil , and that 's the biggest issue at hand , says Vrana . `` You can buy CBD over the counter and over the web , but it 's totally unregulated , '' he says . `` It 's being promoted as the be-all and end-all and there is precious little data backing up any of the claims . '' Buyer beware Products may not contain what is listed on the label since there is no watchdog at the moment , he says . CBD may also interfere with heart medications , antibiotics and other drugs , he says . This is why you should talk to your doctor before you start taking supplements . It 's also risky to take unproven remedies such as CBD in lieu of treatments that are known to be effective . There 's another concern too . CBD ca n't get you high , but it could cause you to fail a drug test due to trace amounts of THC , he says . Unless and until the FDA starts regulating CBD products , it 's user beware , Vrana stresses .", "url": "https://www.thehealthy.com/alternative-medicine/what-is-hemp/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9704036116600037}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9704036116600037}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.046005488469240526, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'oral sex': 1, 'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgTrGMx", "stitle": "Federal sex charges detailed against former Van Wert priest", "seg_title_stem": "Federal sex charge detail against former Van Wert priest", "seg_content": "FINDLAY -- Federal law enforcement officials arrested the pastor of the Catholic church in Findlay on Tuesday morning on federal sex trafficking charges involving boys . He previously served as pastor at a church in Van Wert , where at least some of the sexual acts allegedly took place , according to the federal indictment . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , 53 , of Findlay , faces federal charges of coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud or coercion , according to the Cleveland Division of the FBI-Lima Resident Agency and the U.S. Attorney 's Office-Northern District of Ohio . Zacharias has been pastor at St. Michael the Archangel Catholic Church , Findlay , since 2017 . A video on the church 's Facebook page shows Zacharias saying Mass on Tuesday morning prior to his arrest at the church , which is a stone 's throw from his residence . The priest was taken into custody by the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force as he made the short walk from the church to his home following morning Mass , according to an FBI spokesman . Bishop Daniel E. Thomas , of the Diocese of Toledo , termed the allegations against Zacharias `` grave and reprehensible . '' `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Thomas said in a prepared statement . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' The arrest Special Agent Eric Smith held a press conference late Tuesday morning outside the residence where Zacharias lived . The home is owned by the church . Acknowledging that Zacharias had been taken into federal custody that morning , Smith said , `` We are very concerned , and our hearts go out to the victims and their families and the parishioners at St. Michael 's parish for the activities that have gone on here over the past several years . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' the FBI agent said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Smith said federal law enforcement officials believe Zacharias had sexual contact with minors since the 1990s . In addition to two victims referenced in the indictment , `` we believe there are others , and we are asking anyone who has had unwanted sexual contact with Father Michael Zacharias to contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . If you believe you 've been solicited or groomed for future sexual contact , please contact us . Based on our investigation , it appears individuals were targeted and were groomed over a long period of time for continued gratification . '' The indictment The federal indictment against Zacharias was unsealed Tuesday after his initial appearance in U.S. District Court for Northern Ohio in Toledo . It identifies a 33-year-old male as `` Victim 1 '' and a 26-year-old male as `` Victim 2 . '' Both met Zacharias when they were in a Catholic grade school in Toledo , and both told investigators they were targeted by the priest for sex beginning in middle school and into their adult years , including earlier this year . They told investigators Zacharias performed oral sex on them in exchange for money each needed to support their drug habits . It is unclear whether the two men knew each other . When Victim 1 was in his 20s , according to the indictment , Zacharias said he wanted to make a `` confession video '' which the priest said would give the man `` power over him . '' In that video , contained on a USB thumb-drive turned over to the FBI by Victim 1 , Zacharias talks about first meeting the boy when he was in sixth grade and recalling his overwhelming desire to perform oral sex on the youngster . In texts from April to July of this year , Zacharias again offered to pay Victim 1 for sex on multiple occasions . The texts go into detail about the acts to be conducted and the amount of money that was to change hands . Zacharias also suggests making some `` action videos '' in what investigators claimed `` appears to be a way to ensure that Victim 1 will continue to have power over Zacharias , '' according to the indictment . Victim 1 told the FBI that the sex acts `` usually '' took place at Zacharias ' rectory in Van Wert when he was pastor there and sometimes in one of their vehicles . In July the FBI interviewed Victim 2 , who said he met Zacharias as a first-grader at St. Catherine 's Catholic School in Toledo while Zacharias was still in the seminary . He said inappropriate comments by Zacharias began when he was in eighth grade , the same time Victim 2 became addicted to opioids . While in ninth grade , Zacharias first performed oral sex on the boy in exchange for money to support Victim 2 's drug habit , according to the indictment . `` The Findlay Police Department has no information to believe that St. Michael 's School or its students are involved in Zacharias ' FBI complaint , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a prepared statement . Zacharias , a native of Elyria , was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Toledo in 2002 . He served as pastor at St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church in Van Wert from 2007 through 2011 . A spokeswoman at the church on Tuesday referred all questions to Toledo diocese officials . According to the FBI , Zacharias has also been a pastor at St. Peter 's parish in Mansfield and St. Anne 's and St. Joseph in Fremont .", "url": "https://www.limaohio.com/news/423121/former-van-wert-priest-faces-federal-sex-trafficking-charges", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9914028644561768, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.959991455078125}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.9914028644561768, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.959991455078125}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.00846662786781115, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgTz3GR", "stitle": "Wildfires scorch the West as firefighters struggle with sizzling temperatures", "seg_title_stem": "wildfire scorch the West as firefighter struggle with sizzle temperature", "seg_content": "LAS VEGAS -LRB- KLAS -RRB- -- Fire crews across the West are battling multiple wildfires under some of the hottest weather the West Coast has seen in 70 years . In California , there at least 15 wildfires burning . The Lake Fire started burning north of Los Angeles last Wednesday . At least 33 homes and other buildings have been destroyed in about a 30 square-mile area . The heat wave is also adding to the issue because normally California can take power from neighboring states like Arizona and Washington . But its also hot in those states , so they do n't have enough power to give . As a result , California has been dealing with rolling blackouts . `` You ca n't control the weather , but you can prepare for the weather events . And let me just make this crystal clear , we failed to predict and plan . That 's simply unacceptable , '' said California Gov. Gavin Newsom . At least four major fires are also burning in the Colorado Rockies , in Oregon and near the Nevada border . There are two fires burning near Nevada 's border with California . In Southern California , the Dome Fire in Mojave National Preserve has consumed more than 40,000 acres . The preserve , which is about 70 miles west of Las Vegas , has one of the largest Joshua Tree forests in the world . In Northern California , the Loyalton Fire has also scorched more than 44,000 and is only 10 % contained . That fire is burning about 45 miles northwest of Reno .", "url": "https://www.8newsnow.com/news/wildfires-scorch-the-west-as-firefighters-struggle-with-sizzling-temperatures/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.018265330092999684, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgUAT40", "stitle": "Northwest Ohio priest arrested on sex trafficking charges", "seg_title_stem": "Northwest Ohio priest arrest on sex trafficking charge", "seg_content": "FINDLAY , Ohio -- The Cleveland Division of the FBI and the United States Attorney 's Office on Tuesday announced the federal arrest of 53-year-old Father Michael Zacharias in Findlay . He was immediately placed on leave by the Diocese of Toledo , with Bishop Daniel Thomas expressing his shock and revulsion at the allegations of sexual misconduct against the priest . Zacharias , a priest at St. Michael the Archangel Parish , is charged with sex trafficking of a minor , sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud or coercion , and coercion or enticement . Officials say Zacharias was taken into custody on Tuesday at this residence without incident by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . It appears Zacharias celebrated daily Mass shortly before he was arrested . According to the complaint , investigators are aware that Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . The Diocese said he was ordained a priest in 2002 and these are the first such allegations to be raised against him . FBI Agent Eric Smith said Zacharias served at other parishes during his time as a priest , including St. Catherine 's in west Toledo . The federal court documents were released and can be read full below . However , as a warning , they feature graphic content detailing explicit situations that may be disturbing for some readers . VIDEO : FBI NEWS CONFERENCE The FBI is encouraging anyone that has had contact with Zacharias where they may have been `` groomed '' for possible future sexual purposes , they were inappropriately touched or they were sexually assaulted by Zacharias to contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . In addition , the Diocese of Toledo encourages people to report any such allegation to the Diocesan Victim Assistance Coordinator at 419-214-4880 . The FBI says all information will be strictly confidential . A statement from Bishop Thomas said , `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests . The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' In accordance with the Policy for the Protection of Minors and Young People , while on administrative leave , Father Zacharias can not exercise public priestly ministry , administer any of the Sacraments , wear clerical attire or present himself as a priest . Administrative leave is a precautionary measure while an allegation is being investigated . VIDEO : BISHOP , MAYOR REACT TO CHARGES AGAINST PRIEST Findlay 's mayor , Christina Muryn , had a strong reaction following the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias . `` It 's really disappointing and I think , as everyone , I felt sick to my stomach , '' Muryn said . `` Just to know that individuals in our community , and especially in authority , were taking advantage of the most vulnerable people in our community . It 's disgusting . '' She issued a statement Tuesday that said no criminal complaints have been filed locally in relation to Zacharias . The Findlay Police Department also has no information to believe that St. Michael 's School or its students are involved in Zacharias ' FBI complaint . `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias . These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society , '' Muryn said . Zacharias ' neighbors and the mayor say they were surprised to hear about the arrest . That 's because the priest was an involved member in the community at St. Michael , which is a prominent parish . Mayor Muryn says she 's worked with Zacharias a number of times . `` We try to have our faith leaders be leaders in the community on all issues . So we certainly have worked with him over the last year and a half as I 've been in leadership to have him involved in the community and it 's disappointing to see the allegations against him , '' she said .", "url": "https://www.wkyc.com/article/news/crime/findlay-priest-arrested-on-sex-trafficking-charges/512-3a337cd7-3d10-4a18-8a1c-814942571a15", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9919817447662354}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9919817447662354}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.015056919019070235, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgUbqH6", "stitle": "Cannabis : ` Estate Grown Weedery ' planned for Estrella Ranch in Paso Robles", "seg_title_stem": "cannabis : ` Estate Grown Weedery ' plan for Estrella Ranch in Paso Robles", "seg_content": "-- LiveWire Ergogenics , a company focused on managing properties for producing high-quality , organically-grown , and handcrafted cannabis products for medicinal and recreational use , recently announced its purchase of the Estrella Ranch at 5165 Estrella Road in Paso Robles . `` The acquisition of Estrella Ranch in Paso Robles , has successfully positioned LiveWire 's operation at one of the most beautiful and historic locations in California , with a unique microclimate , perfect for growing exceptional organic and handcrafted-style cannabis , '' says Bill Hodson , CEO of LiveWire Ergogenics . `` The company 's goal is to develop the world 's first ` Estate Grown Weedery ' on Estrella Ranch for the cultivation of a cannabis product unique to the environment and establishing high-quality recognized brands Nationwide . The Estrella Ranch business model will allow us to dynamically and economically scale the business on this vast acreage with easily expandable outdoor and indoor growing areas , as required by market demand . '' Hodson says , `` We consequently continue to implement our unique business model of the ` Estrella Weedery ' , strictly following our mission statement of ` Doing it Right . ' We have established a unique revenue-sharing business model that will generate sustainable revenue and profitability for the company as we implement and expand for years to come . Based on the progress we have made over the last 18 months . '' The company , currently based in Anaheim , is centralizing all of its operations on the ranch in Paso Robles . On Monday , the company announced its financial results for the second quarter ending June 30 , 2020 . During the quarter , sales amounted to $ 180,500 , an increase of 28 % over the previous quarter in 2020 . Net income for the second quarter was $ 747,815 compared to an adjusted loss of $ 400,691 for the quarter ending June 30 , 2019 , an increase of $ 1,148,506 . The financial report for the quarter can be downloaded at OTC Markets .", "url": "https://pasoroblesdailynews.com/cannabis-estate-grown-weedery-planned-for-estrella-ranch-in-paso-robles/113148/?utm_campaign=cannabis-estate-grown-weedery-planned-for-estrella-ranch-in-paso-robles&utm_medium=rss&utm_source=rss", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.34831013229082114, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgUfxJL", "stitle": "Three months after rape arrest , woman arrested again on sex charge", "seg_title_stem": "three month after rape arrest , woman arrest again on sex charge", "seg_content": "A Barren County woman who was arrested three months ago on suspicion of raping a juvenile was arrested again Monday after police found her with a different juvenile . Brittany Kay Paxson , 21 , was arrested by the Glasgow Police Department on charges of first-degree unlawful transaction with a minor -LRB- illegal sex act , victim younger than 16 -RRB- and permitting an unlicensed operator to operate a motor vehicle . An arrest citation said a car pulling off McKenna Street nearly struck a GPD cruiser . Police made a traffic stop and encountered a juvenile behind the wheel who said he was 15 years old and not old enough to have a driver 's license . The passenger , Paxson , said she was teaching the juvenile how to drive , according to the arrest citation . The officer was aware of Paxson 's May 14 arrest on a charge of third-degree rape and received confirmation that Paxson was n't supposed to have contact with any minors while free on bond . Paxson told police Monday that she had consensual sex with the juvenile sometime between July 26 and 28 , which the juvenile confirmed , the arrest citation said . Paxson was placed in Barren County Detention Center on a $ 50,000 cash bond . The pending third-degree rape charge stems from a separate GPD investigation in May into allegations that Paxson had sex with a 14-year-old juvenile earlier this year , according to court records .", "url": "https://www.bgdailynews.com/news/three-months-after-rape-arrest-woman-arrested-again-on-sex-charge/article_b3121cd2-517d-55f2-8646-716881e3b9c7.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04943164448171808, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgUhX3V", "stitle": "MediPharm Labs Brings A Pharmaceutical Approach To Cannabis", "seg_title_stem": "MediPharm Labs bring a Pharmaceutical Approach to Cannabis", "seg_content": "Do n't miss this opportunity to connect with THE cannabis movers and shakers from across the globe during Benzinga 's Virtual Cannabis Capital Conference on August 18 . Among the attendees is MediPharm Labs . Integrity , innovation and collaboration are the three core values of this cannabis company . Serving the global medical and wellness markets , MediPharm Labs manufactures pure , trusted and precisely dosed cannabis concentrates for advanced derivative products . President and Co-Founder of MediPharm Labs Keith Strachan will be speaking at the upcoming Virtual Cannabis Capital Conference to update the industry and market on the company 's latest work and opportunities which are focused on driving growth . The MediPharm Approach One factor that differentiates MediPharm Labs ' cannabis position in the industry is its pharmaceutical approach to cannabis and its global Good Manufacturing Practices -LRB- GMP -RRB- Certified platform , with locations in Canada and Australia . This approach has positioned the company to win in new emerging jurisdictions legalizing medical cannabis by providing its customers access to its global supply chain and finished product contract manufacturing while meeting the needs of future large pharma and CPG companies entering cannabis . `` We are encouraged with the pace of growth of new and emerging international cannabis markets as well as the global GMP platform MediPharm has invested in to become the go-to provider for large pharmaceutical and CPG companies entering cannabis space with exciting new products for consumers and medical patients around the world , '' said Strachan . MediPharm Labs ' two GMP certified facilities and extensive extraction process which uses Supercritical CO2 extraction for its primary extraction are outlined on their website along with their distillation , purification and end-product manufacturing methods . To learn more about MediPharm Labs , you can sign up for the Benzinga Virtual Cannabis Capital Conference by clicking here . Photo by Rick Proctor on Unsplash", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17140004/medipharm-labs-brings-a-pharmaceutical-approach-to-cannabis", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006615046495644712, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgUjDZn", "stitle": "Wildfires scorch the West as firefighters struggle with sizzling temperatures", "seg_title_stem": "wildfire scorch the West as firefighter struggle with sizzle temperature", "seg_content": "LAS VEGAS -LRB- KLAS -RRB- -- Fire crews across the West are battling multiple wildfires under some of the hottest weather the West Coast has seen in 70 years . In California , there at least 15 wildfires burning . The Lake Fire started burning north of Los Angeles last Wednesday . At least 33 homes and other buildings have been destroyed in about a 30 square-mile area . The heat wave is also adding to the issue because normally California can take power from neighboring states like Arizona and Washington . But its also hot in those states , so they do n't have enough power to give . As a result , California has been dealing with rolling blackouts . `` You ca n't control the weather , but you can prepare for the weather events . And let me just make this crystal clear , we failed to predict and plan . That 's simply unacceptable , '' said California Gov. Gavin Newsom . At least four major fires are also burning in the Colorado Rockies , in Oregon and near the Nevada border . There are two fires burning near Nevada 's border with California . In Southern California , the Dome Fire in Mojave National Preserve has consumed more than 40,000 acres . The preserve , which is about 70 miles west of Las Vegas , has one of the largest Joshua Tree forests in the world . In Northern California , the Loyalton Fire has also scorched more than 44,000 and is only 10 % contained . That fire is burning about 45 miles northwest of Reno .", "url": "https://www.cbs17.com/news/national-news/wildfires-scorch-the-west-as-firefighters-struggle-with-sizzling-temperatures/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2963473388087904, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgUjGDy", "stitle": "Standard Process Adds Hemp to Whole Foods Supplements Line", "seg_title_stem": "standard process add Hemp to Whole Foods Supplements Line", "seg_content": "People who seek care from integrative health professionals such as naturopaths or acupuncturists are likely familiar with Standard Process whole food supplements . The 90-year-old Palmyra , Wis.-based company owns its own farms where they grow many of the whole foods used in their products . Brandon Metzger , director of technical and product development for Standard Process , says it was natural progression to add hemp to the company 's product line . `` Any way or possibility that we can grow a crop here in Wisconsin and utilize it in supplements , we will certainly try to do that , '' he affirms . `` We saw hemp as a real opportunity to evaluate a Wisconsin born , whole foods crop . '' Sara Le Brun-Blashka , director of education , adds that Standard Process had introduced a Hemp Oil Complex in December 2017 , but at that point in time Wisconsin had n't had a hemp program in place , so they sourced hemp from Europe . As soon as it became legal to grow hemp in Wisconsin , they started growing and testing for production . Metzger says that for the past two years , Standard Process has worked to understand the challenges of the different styles , strains and growing conditions at their farm . They 're also working on the processing end with the tools and equipment they have so they can make their own hemp extract . In 2019 , they started with approximately eight different varieties . `` We also did a collaboration with North Carolina State University , who conducted a study with approximately 30 to 40 strains , grown in different locations throughout North Carolina . We partnered in conducting analysis of the profiles in all of those plants , '' he explains . `` We had direct access to the data from them through our partnership to understand which varieties we want to grow in Wisconsin . '' This season , Standard Process is growing on a larger scale , with an acre of plants consisting of four strains so they can decide whether they want to grow one particular strain or a combination product with different profiles from the very diverse genetics available . Metzger could not disclose the strains , but he 's also working with third party to develop genetics that are n't commercially available . Consult Your Licensed Health Practitioner Standard Process ' Hemp Oil Complex is a combination of hemp oil with 15 milligrams of phytocannabinoids , along with calamari oil , a source of omega-3 fatty acid , which Le Brun-Blashka says supports the body 's endocannabinoid production . The Hemp Oil Complex also contains TrueBroc , an antioxidant extracted from broccoli . The Hemp Oil Complex is available in soft gel form , and there 's a similar version for canines . Metzger says the soft gel technology allows for synergistic dry powder ingredients like TrueBroc to be added , which would n't keep suspended in a tincture . It also masks some of the off-tastes and provides for more accurate dosing . On June 1 , Standard Process launched a liquid tincture , consisting of hemp and organic olive oil . They will launch a pet version in September . With 90 years in the whole foods supplements field , Metzger says Standard Process has the infrastructure in place to comply with any regulatory guidelines and to send products out for third-party analysis . But you wo n't find Standard Process ' hemp or other products on a store shelf . The company only sells to licensed practitioners in the holistic health realm , such as naturopaths , or M.D.s and D.O.s in integrative and functional medicine , who provide it for their patients . Metzger notes a limited selection of their products are also available through Amazon . `` I think there is a significant advantage of getting hemp through a practitioner because they can really help the individual understand what their true needs are and educate them on any interactions with other things that they 're taking , '' Le Brun-Blashka says . `` If you 're just going off the shelf yourself , you 're not having that experience that you would by working with a health care practitioner to really guide you through things . It 's not a magic pill , so you really have to take the whole body and whole person into consideration . '' For more information , visit StandardProcess.com . To read more Cannabis Connection articles , click here . To read more articles by Sheila Julson , click here .", "url": "https://shepherdexpress.com/hemp/cannabis/standard-process-adds-hemp-to-whole-foods-supplements-line/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9993137121200562}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9993137121200562}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6094749787728643, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgV9cC6", "stitle": "Madonna Shares Adorable Family Photos As She Celebrates Her 62nd Birthday With A Plate Of Jamaican Weed : Report", "seg_title_stem": "Madonna Shares Adorable Family Photos as she celebrate she 62nd birthday with a plate of jamaican weed : Report", "seg_content": "Madonna has always grabbed eyeballs no matter what she has done . The queen of pop posted some cute family pictures as she recently turned 62 . She was also spotted with a plate full of Jamaican weed as part of her birthday celebrations . The songstress is , reportedly , enjoying a family vacation at a lavish Jamaican resort to celebrate her 62nd birthday . Her alleged boyfriend Ahlamalik Williams has also accompanied her in this fun-filled trip . The Papa Do n't Preach hitmaker shared a string of fantastic pictures from her birthday bash , which included four of her kids . The 7-time Grammy Award-winner appeared to be enjoying with her daughters Mercy , Estere , Stelle , and son David this Sunday . The Vogue hitmaker 's celebrations continued until the next evening and the songstress posted pictures of the grand dinner party for her 15.4 million followers on Instagram , Daily Mail reports . The songstress wore a lovely black dress for the occasion while her children were also dressed adorably for the occasion . The Like a Prayer artist also posted photographs of performers , as well as , a monochrome picture of her teens beaming from ear to ear . Madonna has never ceased shocking people from her controversial photoshoots , her outfits that often left nothing much to the imagination , and more . The songstress is now in her sixties and seems to be maturing with the assistance of some Jamaican weeds . She turned 62 on Aug. 16 , 2020 , and looked radiant in a photo where she is seen holding a plate of Jamaican weeds . The singer seemed to have had a great celebration on the Caribbean Island this year . She also posted a clip where she is seen relishing a blue drink with different types of tropical ingredients . However , there is no confirmation on whether Williams is the current boyfriend of the Desperately Seeking Susan star or not , Gossip Cop reports . The singer-actress is extremely tight-lipped about the subject . While there is no confirmation on their romance rumors , the Frozen artist and Williams appear quire close in the pictures she posted on her social media page . There is one particular picture where Williams and the singer are snapped with them hugging each other and the singer looking lovingly at the dancer . For the universe , Ahlamalik Williams happens to be a professional dancer . The dancer was a member of the singer 's performance team when she was recently performing for her Madame X international concert tour . Meanwhile , Madonna 's daughter Lola -LRB- Lourdes Leon -RRB- looked as stunning as her mom in a fabulous tube mini dress .", "url": "https://www.entertaintimes.com/articles/3421/20200818/madonna.htm", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9999984502792358, "ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.39809732380071383, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgVCgW8", "stitle": "Lindsey Vonn Rides A Horse In Bikini Top And Daisy Dukes In Stunning Photos", "seg_title_stem": "Lindsey Vonn ride a horse in Bikini Top and Daisy Dukes in stunning photo", "seg_content": "Lindsey Vonn is now the proud owner of a set of incredible vacation photos that look like scenes from a movie . On Monday , the 35-year-old retired Olympic skier took to Instagram to share the images with her followers . They showed her rocking a beach-ready outfit while trading her skis for a fast steed . Lindsey has been enjoying a relaxing getaway in Cabo San Lucas , Mexico , with a group that includes her sister Karin Kildow , her friend Rebecca Reardon , and her fiance , NHL player P.K. Subban . She and the two other female members of her vacation crew decided to up the excitement level of their trip by racing each other on horses , and they looked great while doing it . Lindsey 's latest Instagram slideshow kicked off with a solo shot of the athlete in profile . She was riding a galloping horse across an expanse of sand . There was a plain covered with scrubby vegetation in the distance , and a small range of mountains beyond it . Lindsey was clad in a pair of Daisy Dukes and a multicolored bikini top . The garment had triangle cups and a long tie in the center of the bust . She also wore a black helmet for protection , and she appeared to have on a pair of slide sandals . Lindsey looked unconcerned about the speed of her steed as she flashed a big smile at the camera and lifted one arm up in the air . She held onto the reins with her other hand . Lindsey 's second photo captured her from the front , and it revealed just how far ahead she was of Karin and Rebecca . The snapshot included a view of the ocean , which was just a short distance away . The water was dark and the sky was hazy . The pictures were taken as the sun was setting , giving them a soft glow . View this post on Instagram Also on our trip I checked off a lifetime bucketlist item ✅ #sunsetride ... . oh and I beat @kar_inthegarage and @rebeccahreardon too ???? #stillgottawin A post shared by L I N D S E Y • V O N N -LRB- @lindseyvonn -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 6:07 pm PDT Lindsey , her fellow riders , and their horses were stationary in the next photo . The image revealed that Karin was also wearing a pair of cutoff denim shorts , which she teamed with a black bikini top and a white open-front shirt . Rebecca rocked an all-white ensemble that included a similar shirt , baggy shorts , and a bathing suit top . In the subsequent snap , the women were shown riding their horses more slowly as they trekked down to the beach . The trio was also photographed in silhouette as they paused on the rise of a hill . In the final shot , they all raised their arms up in the air in front of a picturesque ocean backdrop . According to her post 's geotag , Lindsey had the Cactus Tours company to thank for the quick-hoofed horse that helped her become a winner yet again . One of the Olympic gold medalist 's Instagram followers asked her where P.K. was during the seaside race , and the hockey player responded himself by saying that he decided to go golfing instead .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6231161/lindsey-vonn-horse-daisy-dukes/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007856985489106646, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgVCtkL", "stitle": "Tuesday 3:05 PM ET : Isiah Thomas , Al Harrington , Marvin Washington , Darren McCarty To Talk Cannabis At Event", "seg_title_stem": "Tuesday 3:05 PM ET : Isiah Thomas , Al Harrington , Marvin Washington , Darren McCarty to talk cannabis at event", "seg_content": "Benzinga , a financial news and data company , announced the final line up for its panel on athletes and cannabis , in the context of its August 18th Virtual Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference . Chatting with Benzinga CEO and founder Jason Raznick will be : Basketball legend Isiah Thomas , CEO of One World Pharma . Four-Time Stanley Cup Champion and former Detroit Red Wing Darren McCarty . NBA veteran Al Harrington , founder of Viola . Super Bowl Champion Marvin Washington , VP of Business Development at Isodiol . Click here to register for the full Virtual Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference experience , featuring networking , one-on-one meetings , access to investors , and more . Or click here to tune in via YouTube for free , without any of the interactive capabilities our platform offers . `` I 'm really excited to hop into some of the key issues related to cannabis and sports , as well as legalization , with these top notch athletes , '' said Jason Raznick . `` As it relates to sports , I often share the story about my uncle being able to golf again thanks to cannabis , and I know there are many other stories like his . I really look forward to hearing some of them from these A-list sportsmen . '' `` Having such an impressive lineup of athletes evidences the quality of Benzinga events , '' added Patrick Lane , Senior Vice President of Partnerships at Benzinga . `` Isiah Thomas , Darren McCarty , Al Harrington , Marvin Washington , Tommy Chong , CJ Wallace , Willie Mack ... The list of speakers for our August 18 Virtual Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference is clear testament of how far Benzinga 's role in the cannabis industry has come . I am proud to be part of an organization that congregates so many great minds , '' said Benzinga Cannabis Managing Director and El Planteo CEO Javier Hasse . About The Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference The Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference , renowned for being the premier gathering of cannabis entrepreneurs and investors in North America , returns for its eight edition , recharged with an impressive list of speakers . Among them are : Kim Rivers , CEO , Trulieve -LRB- OTC : TCNNF -RRB- Abner Kurtin , Founder , Ascend Wellness Holdings Andrew Brisbo , Executive Director , MRA Hilary Black , Chief Advocacy Officer , Canopy Growth -LRB- NYSE : CGC -RRB- Barrington Rutherford , SVP , Cresco Labs -LRB- OTC : CRLBF -RRB- Khadijah Tribble , Vice President of Corporate Social Responsibility , Curaleaf -LRB- OTC : CURLF -RRB- Darren McCarty , Four-Time Stanley Cup Champion and former Detroit Red Wing Al Harrington , Founder , Viola Tommy Chong CJ Wallace , Co-Founder , Think Big Willie Mack , Co-Founder , Think Big Narbé Alexandrian , President & CEO , Canopy Rivers -LRB- OTC : CNPOF -RRB- Chris Driessen , President and Chief Executive Officer , Slang Worldwide -LRB- OTC : SLGWF -RRB- Keith Strachan , President & Co-Founder , MediPharm Labs -LRB- OTC : MEDIF -RRB- Tim Conder , President and COO , TILT Holdings -LRB- OTC : TLLTF -RRB- Colton Griffin , CEO , Flourish Software Natalie Papillion , Board Member & Policy Advisor , Last Prisoner Project Erich Mauff , Co-President , Board Member , and Co-Founder , Jushi -LRB- OTC : JUSHF -RRB- Mark Passerini , EVP Operations , Mission Dispensaries , 4front Ventures -LRB- OTC : FFNTF -RRB- Nick Tennant , Founder , CTO -LRB- Chief Technical Officer -RRB- , Precision Extraction Solutions Emily Paxhia , Co-founder and Managing Partner , Poseidon Peter Shippen , CEO , Britannia Bud Company Dr. Michael Silver , Co-Founder & CEO , Pinnacle Canna Howard Luckoff , CEO , New Standard Kim Sanchez Rael , President and CEO , Azuca Brian Calley , President , SBAM Trip Hoffman , COO , Body and Mind -LRB- OTC : BMMJ -RRB- Adam Crabtree , CEO and Founder , NCS Analytics Tyler Beuerlein , Chief Revenue Officer , Hypur , Inc. . Michael M. Aiello , Managing Partner , Centri Paul Brentlinger , CEO , CropKing Inc. . Ryan Lafferty , Chief Operations Officer , Kush Development Group Chris Sing , Principal , Rehmann Douglas Hannah , Managing Director , Silver Leaf Chris Gross , Co-Founder and CEO , Happy Labs Joe Reynolds , Chief Happi Officer , Happi Matthew Nordgren , CEO and Founder , ARCADIAN Fund Roderick Stephan , Partner , Altitude Investment Management Rudy Patros , Founder and President , SECURATECH Patricia Herndon , Senior Vice President of Government Affairs , Michigan Bankers Association Judy Rinkus , Founder & Principal , Seed to Sale Funding Harry Barash , Cannabis Real Estate Specialist , EXP Commercial Jason Raznick , CEO & Founder , Benzinga Patrick Lane , Vice President , Benzinga Javier Hasse , Managing Director , Benzinga Cannabis Anthony Sabatella , President , THC123 Joseph DiMasi , CEO , SunPath Denise Pollicella , Founder & Managing Partner , Cannabis Attorneys of Michigan Barry Saik , Chief Executive Officer , Greenbits Jonathan Bachanov , CEO/Co-Founder , Appspensary Steve Schuman , Managing Director , Halley Venture Partners Edith Farrell , VP , BSA Officer and Cannabis Banking Manager , Union Bank Mike Aiello , Managing Partner , NCS Centri About Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing , dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality , unique content . About Benzinga Events : The Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference series is held throughout the year in North American cities . Each event brings investors face-to-face with top cannabis companies to hear about advancements in the rapidly evolving sector . SOURCE Benzinga", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17140283/tuesday-3-05-pm-et-isiah-thomas-al-harrington-marvin-washington-darren-mccarty-to-talk-cannabis-", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.49240442333116546, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgVKPkL", "stitle": "Speaking OutAshley Tisdale Opens Up About Removing Breast Implants After Facing Severe Health Issues", "seg_title_stem": "speak OutAshley Tisdale open up about remove breast Implants after face severe Health Issues", "seg_content": "She 's speaking out ! While promoting her brand new blog , Frenshe , Ashley Tisdale just revealed she got breasts implants , but decided to take them out after she faced some severe health issues . `` Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago , I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself , '' the actress shared on Instagram . `` And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . '' View this post on Instagram Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . ❤ Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 8:02 am PDT `` This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me , '' the High School Musical star continued . `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE ! '' On the blog , Ashley explained that she is going to `` share the knowledge '' that she 's `` accumulated over the years in the most honest and vulnerable way . '' `` A lot of you know me as Ashley Tisdale , but in my more personal life over the last six years , I 'm known as Ashley French -LRB- aka Frenchie , Mrs. French , and Frenshe -RRB- , '' she wrote . `` I 've wanted to do this for so long and I 'm so excited to connect with you guys on a more personal level and for you to finally get to know me as Ashley French . I 'm still learning and growing , so I might not have all the answers , but I do have a network of experts who will help us along the way . I would love nothing more for you all to take this journey with me and discover what it means to be a Frenshe ! '' Love J-14 ? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun , exclusive videos with your favorite stars .", "url": "https://www.j-14.com/posts/ashley-tisdale-talks-removing-breast-implants-after-health-issues/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017703662307042855, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgVL0yS", "stitle": "Boyd `` Ray '' Lutz Obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Boyd `` Ray '' Lutz Obituary", "seg_content": "Services are pending for 54 year old Boyd `` Ray '' Lutz of Adair . Hockenberry Family Care is in charge of arrangements .", "url": "https://westerniowatoday.com/2020/08/18/boyd-ray-lutz-obituary/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007184007073618567, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgVXi6X", "stitle": "Bend cannabis-ordering software company Dutchie closes $ 35M round", "seg_title_stem": "Bend cannabis-ordering software company Dutchie close $ 35m round", "seg_content": "Company says 75,000 orders a day roll through its e-commerce platform . Weekly Edition Filled with `` must read '' stories , industry news and reporter insights , exclusive interviews with local business leaders , and expanded Top 25 Lists . Exclusive Online Tools Research the 3 + year digital archive , and People on the Move leads database download . Book of Lists Start using the digital Book of Lists today . Print subscribers receive the printed Book of Lists when published .", "url": "https://www.bizjournals.com/portland/news/2020/08/18/dutchie-raies-35m-series-b.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2458606629877674, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {'penis': 1, 'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgVl7IF", "stitle": "Fairmont man charged in Bridgeport after sending explicit photos to , soliciting a minor for sex via social media", "seg_title_stem": "fairmont man charge in Bridgeport after send explicit photo to , solicit a minor for sex via social media", "seg_content": "BRIDGEPORT , W.Va . -- A Fairmont man has been charged in Bridgeport for sending explicit photos and soliciting a 15-year-old girl for sex via a social media application . Between the months of June and July a Fairmont man used `` a social media application '' to communicate with a female whom he knew was 15-years-old , according to a criminal complaint . Officers with the Bridgeport Police Department learned that Jesse Tucker , 27 , of Fairmont had been in communication with the minor and that during these conversations , he `` sent photos of his penis , '' and `` requested to see her -LSB- the minor -RSB- naked , '' officers said . During an interview , Tucker `` admitted to '' communicating with the minor and that he `` wanted to perform sex acts with her , '' according to the complaint . Tucker is charged with soliciting a minor via computer .", "url": "https://www.wboy.com/news/crime/fairmont-man-charged-in-bridgeport-after-sending-explicit-photos-to-soliciting-a-minor-for-sex-via-social-media/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9991575479507446}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9991575479507446}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8850734425776664, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgVtMar", "stitle": "Khloe Kardashian Sizzles In Burberry Bikini While Matching With Daughter True Thompson : ` Vacation Vibes '", "seg_title_stem": "Khloe Kardashian Sizzles in Burberry Bikini while match with daughter true Thompson : ` vacation vibes '", "seg_content": "Khloe Kardashian took to Instagram yesterday to share another snapshot from a tropical vacation that has her fans buzzing . The August 17 update consisted of two new images that showed off her bombshell body . The first photo in the set captured the mother of one posed outside a home . Kardashian stood on a brick-lined step with her daughter , True Thompson , standing directly in front of her . The structure behind the mother/daughter duo was a light stone color , and black pendant lights appeared on either side of the opening . Two windows with white panes were next to the lights , and a planter filled with flowers stood directly in front . The top of the home boasted a matching railing while a sliver of blue sky was visible overhead . Kardashian flaunted her fit physique in a skimpy Burberry swimsuit . The top of the garment had small , triangular cups that were spaced far apart and allowed the reality star to show off her ample cleavage . Kardashian touched the rim of her sunglasses with one hand . On her lower half , she rocked a sarong that boasted the same Burberry pattern . She wore the garment high on her waist but still managed to tease a glimpse of her trim abs . The piece 's daringly short length also left her legs in view . View this post on Instagram ???? vacation vibes ???? A post shared by Khloé -LRB- @khloekardashian -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 2:13 pm PDT Kardashian slicked back her hair in braids and added a pair of hoop earrings to her vacation attire . She covered up with black sunglasses and rocked a set of brown slides . Kardashian also wore a pink bag slung over her left shoulder while her daughter looked as cute as could be in a matching suit . Thompson rocked a one-piece swimsuit that boasted the same trendy pattern as her mother 's . She wore her hair pulled back in pigtail buns and sported a pair of diamond earrings and bracelets on each of her wrists . The young fashionista-in-training completed her look with sandals . The second photo in the series captured the pair posed on the same step with their poses slightly altered . Fans have not been shy about showering the update with love , and it 's accrued over 1.8 million likes and 4,000-plus comments . `` Yessss !! Loving the mommy & me matching ! '' one social media user gushed alongside a series of red hearts . `` Can you please hurry and post !!! I 've been waiting for these ... . . '' another fan added . `` Queen and princess , '' a third Instagrammer chimed in with the addition of a few smiley face emoji .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6231243/khloe-kardashian-burberry-bikini/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01564060662068368, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgWBc1Q", "stitle": "Lt. Gov. Fetterman Says Recreational Marijuana Could Assist State 's Lost Revenue", "seg_title_stem": "Lt. Gov. Fetterman say recreational Marijuana could assist State 's Lost revenue", "seg_content": ": Rep. Jake Wheatley Expounds On Bill That Would Legalize Recreational Marijuana PITTSBURGH -LRB- Newsradio 1020 KDKA -RRB- -- Lt. Governor of Pennsylvania John Fetterman thinks recreational marijuana could help assist the state 's lost revenue from the pandemic . `` Think about this idea of a three and a half billion dollar deficit - where is the money going to come from ? '' Fetterman said on Tuesday during the KDKA Radio Morning Show . `` Nobody wants to raise taxes ; nobody wants to cut services . '' Fetterman said it could generate billions of dollars in long-term revenue , while creating a number of jobs across the commonwealth . `` An overwhelming majority of Pennsylvanian 's want this . They want this , '' Fetterman adds . You can listen to the full conversation with Fetterman below to learn more . ___ Follow KDKA Radio : Facebook | Twitter | Instagram Listen to KDKA Radio on the Radio.com App - Download Now", "url": "https://kdkaradio.radio.com/articles/fetterman-says-recreational-marijuana-could-assist-state", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000090599060059}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000090599060059}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006462909052664402, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgWIbSa", "stitle": "Pete Hamill obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Pete Hamill obituary", "seg_content": "Pete Hamill , who has died aged 85 , was one of the great writers about New York , which he had studied from the inside ever since his childhood . He chronicled the city in memoir , in loving studies , in thousands of columns for the New York Post , the New York Daily News , Newsday and Village Voice , and in short stories and novels . Hamill 's first New York book , The Gift , about a teenaged sailor on Christmas leave in Brooklyn during the Korean war , was published in 1973 , followed by a series of novels , including Flesh and Blood -LRB- 1977 -RRB- and Dirty Laundry -LRB- 1978 -RRB- , set in the New York of Irish immigration . A collection of short stories , The Invisible City : A New York Sketchbook , was published in 1980 , and in 1994 came his most celebrated book , A Drinking Life , which he claimed inspired Frank McCourt to write Angela 's Ashes . As he wrote in A Drinking Life , `` Maybe words , like potions , were also capable of magic . '' His later novels included Forever -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , about a man granted eternal life provided he never leaves Manhattan , and Tabloid City -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , a newspaper-thriller set in New York . Hamill was born the eldest of seven children in the then-working class Park Slope neighbourhood of Brooklyn . His father , Billy , and mother , Anne -LRB- nee Devlin -RRB- , were immigrants from Belfast who had met in the US . Billy had lost a leg playing football in a Brooklyn park ; he did various factory jobs when he could find them , while Anne did the same while raising the family . At 14 Hamill was admitted to the private Regis high school in Manhattan , founded to provide Jesuit education to poorer Catholic boys . But he decided to become a comic book artist , inspired by Milton Caniff 's newspaper strips , and so at 15 dropped out to take courses at the Pratt Institute and the Cartoonists and Illustrators School -LRB- under the Batman artist Jerry Robinson -RRB- while supporting himself as a shipyard worker at the Brooklyn Navy Yard . In 1952 he joined the US navy , and when he was discharged he used the GI Bill to study at the English-language Mexico City College -LRB- now University of the Americas -RRB- in Mexico . When he returned to New York he worked as art director of the weekly Greek paper Atlantis , for which he wrote his first story -LRB- translated into Greek -RRB- , a profile of the future world champion light-heavyweight boxer José Torres . Meanwhile he was writing letters for publication to the New York Post ; after one flattering missive to the editor James Wechsler in 1960 he was offered a try-out as a reporter -- and was hired . When the city 's daily papers went on strike in 1963 , Hamill was taken on by the weekly Saturday Evening Post magazine , for whom he spent a year in Europe , based in Barcelona and then Dublin . He returned in 1964 , worked briefly for the New York Herald-Tribune , and returned to the New York Post with his own column in 1965 . His first novel , A Killing for Christ , about an assassination plot against the Pope , was published in 1968 -- the same year in which , as a volunteer working on his friend Bobby Kennedy 's presidential campaign , Hamill saw Kennedy shot dead as he stood beside him in Los Angeles . A non-fiction study , Why Sinatra Matters , came out in 1970 , and three years later , having renounced heavy drinking in order to improve his productivity , Hamill produced his second novel , The Gift . Much of the fiction that followed , like the books of his friend and competitor Jimmy Breslin , who was also an Irish American kid from the outer boroughs of New York , displayed an element of hard-edged sentimentality . Like Breslin , Hamill also dealt with the Troubles -- in his novel The Guns of Heaven -LRB- 1984 -RRB- . In 1992 he produced his second collection of stories , Tokyo Sketches , and two years later came A Drinking Life . His later books included a study of the Mexican painter Diego Rivera -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , whose funeral he had attended in 1957 , as well as introductions to collections of comic strips by Caniff and Robinson . Unlike many columnists Hamill was also a talented editor and mentor to many other writers . After a period away from the New York Post he became its editor in 1993 , just as it was ping-ponging between owners after Rupert Murdoch had sold it . Originally appointed by the short-lived owner Steven Hoffenberg , he started work the same day it was taken over by Abe Hirschfeld , a car park mogul who wanted to turn the paper 's offices on South Street into a garage . When Hirschfield fired him , Hamill set up as editor in exile in a diner next door , producing an edition trashing the owner and with a front page portrait of the paper 's founder , Alexander Hamilton , crying . A court order got him his job back just long enough for Hirschfeld to sell the paper back to Murdoch . In 1997 another real estate magnate , Mort Zuckerman , hired Hamil to edit the Daily News . But he was fired after eight months , either because he serialised Norman Mailer 's novel The Gospel According to the Son or , according to another version , because when Zuckerman demanded he put in more coverage of Princess Diana when her dresses were being auctioned Hamill refused , saying the housewives of Bensonhurst were unlikely to be bidding . The Irish journalist Fintan O'Toole , who had been recently recruited by Hamill and who arrived at the Daily News on the very day his new editor was fired , told the apologetic Hamill : `` Do n't worry kid , my mother arrived in New York the day of the Wall Street crash . It could be worse . '' Although he hated celebrity journalism , over the years Hamill became a celebrity himself , partly due to high-profile relationships with Shirley MacLaine , Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and the singer Linda Ronstadt . He also had memorable associations with a number of other famous people , producing a much-remarked upon interview with John Lennon for Rolling Stone and winning an Emmy for writing the liner notes to Bob Dylan 's Blood on the Tracks album . His first marriage , to Ramona Negron , lasted eight years and ended in divorce in 1970 , after which he was granted custody of their two daughters , Adrienne and Deirdre -- one of his cited reasons for giving up drinking . He then married the Japanese journalist and author Fukiko Aoki in 1987 ; they met when she interviewed him while he toured Japan . He is survived by Fukiko and by his daughters . • William Peter Hamill Jr , journalist and author , born 24 June 1935 ; died 5 August 2020", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/aug/18/pete-hamill-obituary", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011598793085719473, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgWKCW7", "stitle": "Weed vending machine debuts in Colorado with more on the way", "seg_title_stem": "weed vend machine debut in Colorado with more on the way", "seg_content": "In an era when consumers can buy groceries , pet supplies and even a life-size cardboard cutout of Lizzo without directly seeing a human , one company is ensuring Coloradans can also purchase their cannabis contactless . Matt Frost is founder and CEO of Anna , what he calls a `` tricked out vending machine '' designed to take and fill orders for marijuana products . The first ones landed at Strawberry Fields dispensary in central Pueblo , where customers can now purchase flower , edibles and vape oils without having to interact with a budtender . They 'll debut at a second dispensary , Starbuds in Aurora , sometime this year . Frost , whose background is in healthcare data analytics , originally developed the concept to adapt the efficiency of a retail self-checkout system to the marijuana industry . In his home state of Massachusetts , dispensary waits can be hours-long and some shops require patrons schedule a pickup time for pre-ordered products . But as the COVID-19 pandemic forced pot shops to adapt to increased demand for online ordering and curbside pickup , Frost saw an opportunity to help them modernize and get in on the contactless craze . `` There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand holding and want that education from a live person , '' Frost said . `` With COVID and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . '' Anna set up four vending machines inside Strawberry Fields , so customers still need to show identification and check in to use them . Each one displays a digital version of the menu on a 27-inch touch screen where patrons can fill their virtual basket and pay with cash or a debit card . Anna then dispenses the items , offering a grab-and-go experience . Customers can also pre-order using the Anna app and then quickly check out using the machine . You likely wo n't find any snacks in these vending machines -- just weed , Frost said , at least for now . In addition to a Colorado expansion and Massachusetts market debut , he is also eyeing the CBD market and hopes to put Anna machines selling non-psychoactive cannabis products in gas stations and retail stores in the near future . `` The partnership that we 're about to strike I have to keep under wraps for now , but -LSB- it 's -RSB- a very significant CBD distribution opportunity that we 're excited about , '' Frost said . `` I think you 'll be seeing this rollout absolutely in the fall . '' Subscribe to our weekly newsletter , In The Know , to get entertainment news sent straight to your inbox .", "url": "https://www.coloradodaily.com/2020/08/17/new-weed-vending-machine-debuts-in-colorado-so-cannabis-purchases-can-now-be-contactless/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06355347232987148, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgWRRgx", "stitle": "FBI holds press conference regarding Findlay priest arrested on sex trafficking charges", "seg_title_stem": "FBI hold press conference regard Findlay priest arrest on sex trafficking charge", "seg_content": "Father Michael Zacharias is a pastor at St. Michael the Archangel Parish in Findlay . Officials say he has been engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the 1990s .", "url": "https://www.wtol.com/video/news/crime/findlay-ohio-priest-sex-trafficking-charges/512-333a79ed-e410-4d2e-acf6-6614fc74fe19", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9957963824272156}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.9957963824272156}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.028234564752984345, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgWeWi1", "stitle": "Breast Cancer Research Foundation Funds UAB Cancer Center Grants", "seg_title_stem": "breast Cancer Research Foundation Funds UAB Cancer Center Grants", "seg_content": "BIRMINGHAM , AL -- The Breast Cancer Research Foundation of Alabama announced Tuesday that it will fund two grants at the O'Neal Comprehensive Cancer Center at UAB . These 2020 grants are part of the O'Neal Invests program . Support for the research projects -- `` RANK Signaling Pathways in Breast Cancer Development '' by Xu Feng , Ph.D. and Douglas Hurst Ph.D. and `` Combinatorial Genetic Immunotherapy and RANKL Antagonism for Breast Cancer '' by Selvarangan Ponnazhagan , Ph.D. -- will total $ 320,000 over the next two years . The initial $ 160,000 was awarded at a check presentation on August 14 , 2020 . `` We are thrilled to continue our support of vital breast cancer research at the O'Neal Comprehensive Cancer Center at UAB , '' said Beth Bradner Davis , executive director of the Breast Cancer Research Foundation of Alabama . `` Although COVID-19 has altered our approach , we are committed to ensuring that research remains funded . Diagnoses do n't stop during a pandemic . We must keep supporting research to aid patients here in Alabama and around the globe in accessing better treatment and therapy options . '' The inaugural grant cycle of the O'Neal Invests program took place in Spring 2020 . The committee received 57 grant applications , and ultimately , seven were selected as fundable projects . The grants vary across the spectrum of cancer research , with two of the seven focusing specifically on breast cancer research . `` We are incredibly thankful for the support of the Breast Cancer Research Foundation of Alabama , ' said Dr. Barry P. Sleckman , Director of the O'Neal Comprehensive Cancer Center . `` Organizations like the BCRFA provide necessary funding to initiate important projects that reveal new paradigms in our understanding of cancer . '' Previously this year , the Breast Cancer Research Foundation of Alabama announced a record-breaking investment in the O'Neal Comprehensive Cancer Center and their collaborative partners , totaling $ 1.05 million . That contribution brought the organization 's cumulative investment in breast cancer research in Alabama to almost $ 10 million . `` These critical projects often translate to cancer care that improves outcomes in patients with cancers that have been difficult to treat , '' Sleckman said . `` Moreover , the work of organizations like the BCRFA raises awareness to promote vital initiatives in cancer prevention and cancer screening . ''", "url": "https://patch.com/alabama/across-al/s/h7p14/breast-cancer-research-foundation-funds-uab-cancer-center-grants", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1998902377710543, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgWmRa4", "stitle": "DragonKingKarl Greatest Kayfabe Tournament : The Rock vs. Dick the Bruiser", "seg_title_stem": "DragonKingKarl Greatest Kayfabe Tournament : The Rock vs. Dick the Bruiser", "seg_content": "Round one of the GKT : Greatest Kayfabe Tournament continues as we ask the question : if pro wrestling were real -LRB- not a shoot but the characters as presented real -RRB- who would win ? On this episode . The Rock vs. Dick the Bruiser ! You have voted and I have the results . The most electrifying man in sports entertainment and mega-movie star vs. the prototype for Brock Lesnar . These two men are vastly different but in interesting ways . Is Dick the Bruiser selling the People 's Elbow ? Really ? Let 's find out . Host DragonKingKarl talks about the careers of both wrestlers .", "url": "https://www.f4wonline.com/dragon-king/dragonkingkarl-greatest-kayfabe-tournament-rock-vs-dick-bruiser-317841", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0963114933714919, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgWv5bK", "stitle": "Sex offender jailed trying to illegally enter Webb County", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender jail try to illegally enter Webb County", "seg_content": "A convicted sex offender was arrested as he tried to enter the country illegally in rural Webb County , according to the U.S. Border Patrol . Agents responded to a report of a lost individual in the brush on Sunday evening near U.S. 83 , several miles northwest of Laredo . Agents located the individuals and identified him as Miguel Gonzalez-Guel , a 30-year-old Mexican national who is a registered sex offender . Gonzalez-Guel was convicted in Dallas of indecency with a child with sexual contact in 2016 . He was sentenced to two years in prison . Records also revealed that Gonzalez-Guel had a prior deportation . He remains in federal custody pending prosecution for his immigration violations . To report suspicious activity such as human or drug smuggling , download the `` USBP Laredo Sector '' App or contact the Laredo Sector Border Patrol toll free at 1-800-343-1994 .", "url": "https://www.lmtonline.com/local/crime/article/Sex-offender-jailed-trying-to-illegally-enter-15492331.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2386825919966657, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgWyZDM", "stitle": "Lifetime sex offender arrested again for child molesting", "seg_title_stem": "lifetime sex offender arrest again for child molest", "seg_content": "POSEY CO. , Ind. -LRB- WFIE -RRB- - The Posey County Sheriff 's Office says a man has been arrested for child molesting , and it 's not the first time . The sheriff says there was a complaint of sexual abuse in New Harmony on July 13 . He says the young victim was interviewed at Holly 's House , and she said a man had touched her in a sexual manner . Officials say 67-year-old Delbert Wayne McKinney was arrested . They say he was on parole and a lifetime sex offender after pleading guilty to child molesting in 2018 . -LSB- Previous : New Harmony man charged with child molesting -RSB- McKinney is now charged with child molesting and failure of a sex offender to possess identification . His parole has now been revoked , and he 's being held in jail without bond .", "url": "https://www.14news.com/2020/08/18/lifetime-sex-offender-arrested-again-child-molesting/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0445550511571406, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgX3mfU", "stitle": "Twin Buttes man shoots two men , kills one in residence", "seg_title_stem": "twin butte man shoot two man , kill one in residence", "seg_content": "BISMARCK , N.D. -LRB- KFYR -RRB- - A 34-year-old Twin Buttes man was arrested Friday after federal agents say he shot two men in his home Friday morning . According to investigators , Three Affiliated Tribes law enforcement responded to a home in Twin Buttes on Highway 8 for two unresponsive men . Investigators say both men were shot , one was pronounced dead on scene , the other was taken to the hospital . The suspect , Christopher Gillette , told police he had accidentally fired the gun at the two men . Another witness told police , the three men had gotten into an argument , and Gillette shot them . During a second interview , Gillette told investigators he woke up to strange noises and thought someone was breaking into his home , so he shot at them . Investigators interviewed Gillette a third time , where he admitted the three of them were smoking methamphetamine , and he got mad at them at fired the gun to intimidate them . Gillette is charged in federal court with second degree murder .", "url": "https://www.kfyrtv.com/2020/08/18/twin-buttes-man-shoots-two-men-kills-one-in-residence/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.18268979482054784, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'lesbian': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgX4PHS", "stitle": "Hallmark Channel Just Debuted Their First Same-Sex Wedding Movie", "seg_title_stem": "Hallmark Channel just debut they first Same-Sex wedding movie", "seg_content": "Hallmark Channel has aired its first LGBTQ wedding . On Saturday night , the network premiered a new original movie titled Wedding Every Weekend , in which two protagonists fall in love as they realize they keep attending the same string of nuptials . Over the course of the movie , the two main characters experience diverse ceremonies , including one between two women -- an on-screen first for Hallmark . `` It really reflects the world that we live in now , '' said actress Makayla Moore -LRB- who plays one half of the bride pair -RRB- in a behind-the-scenes look at the TV movie . `` It 's exciting to celebrate love in all its forms . '' Responding to a tweet that criticized the new film as shoving an agenda `` down out throat , '' Hallmark wrote that it 's `` proud '' of the project . `` Our priority at Hallmark Channel is to develop a broad mix of content , characters and stories in order to create a Hallmark experience where everyone feels welcome , '' the channel wrote on Monday . The inclusion of a lesbian wedding comes a month after Hallmark issued a statement promising new LGBTQ storylines , characters and actors would be included in future programming . `` Diversity and inclusion is a top priority for us and we look forward to making some exciting programming announcements in the coming months , including announcements about projects featuring LGBTQ storylines , characters , and actors , '' a Hallmark Channel spokesperson told People in July . `` We are committed to creating a Hallmark experience where everyone feels welcome . '' Hallmark came under fire in December 2019 after pulling several commercials for the wedding planning website Zola that featured same-sex couples sharing a kiss at the altar . The ads were pulled after One Million Moms , a division of the conservative American Family Association , published a petition -- although the network went on to walk back the decision . `` The Crown Media team has been agonizing over this decision as we 've seen the hurt it has unintentionally caused . Said simply , they believe this was the wrong decision , '' said Mike Perry , president and CEO , Hallmark Cards , Inc. , in a statement to People in December . `` Our mission is rooted in helping all people connect , celebrate traditions , and be inspired to capture meaningful moments in their lives . Anything that detracts from this purpose is not who we are . We are truly sorry for the hurt and disappointment this has caused , '' the statement continued . The company apologized for pulling the commercials of the same-sex couples , announcing that Hallmark will be working with GLAAD to `` better represent the LGBTQ community across our portfolio of brands . '' Wedding Every Weekend premiered on August 15 , at 9 p.m. E.T. on Hallmark Channel . This story originally appeared on People.com by Benjamin VanHoose .", "url": "https://www.marthastewart.com/syndication/hallmark-channel-first-same-sex-wedding-movie", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9997156262397766, "Society": 0.7720154523849487}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9997156262397766, "Society_Other": 0.7720154523849487}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06556569070984299, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgX9wbc", "stitle": "Findlay priest arrested on federal sex trafficking charges", "seg_title_stem": "Findlay priest arrest on federal sex trafficking charge", "seg_content": "FINDLAY , Ohio -- A Findlay priest has been arrested on federal sex trafficking charges , the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced Tuesday . 53-year-old Father Michael Zacaharias , who serves as a pastor at St. Michael the Archangel Parish in Findlay , was charged with sex trafficking of a minor , sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud or coercion , and coercion or enticement . Zacharias was taken into custody Tuesday morning without incident at his residence by the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . Authorities say Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . A video on the Findlay church 's Facebook page shows Zacharias holding mass Tuesday morning before his arrest . Zacharias has been placed on administrative leave effective immediately from his position at St. Michael 's , according to Bishop Daniel E. Thomas . Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a press release that she is `` distraught '' by the news of Zacharias ' arrest . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society , '' Muryn said . The FBI is encouraging anyone that has had contact with Zacharias where they may have been `` groomed '' for possible future sexual purposes , they were inappropriately touched or they were sexually assaulted by Zacharias to contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . All information will be strictly confidential .", "url": "https://go.tiffinohio.net/2020/08/findlay-priest-arrested-on-federal-sex-trafficking-charges/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000085830688477}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000085830688477}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7649580960252628, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'penis': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgXD3LB", "stitle": "Tiffany Haddish Has a Solution for Systemic Racism ... And It Has to Do With Sex", "seg_title_stem": "Tiffany Haddish have a solution for systemic racism ... and it have to do with sex", "seg_content": "`` I noticed this happened in history before . Wars have stopped because of this . '' Tiffany Haddish has an idea for how to make social justice the top priority . During her virtual visit to `` The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon '' on Monday , the comedian revealed her plan after she was asked how the pandemic and protests for racial equality have changed her stand-up material . `` People are always asking me , ` Tiffany , what can we do ? What can we do to make change ? ' '' the `` Girls Trip '' star began . `` And what I 've incorporated in my comedy is something that I think that would work -- that would change the systemic racism and the injustices that we all suffer . '' `` I think the key to it is all women just stop having sex , '' she quipped , seeming to reference Aristophanes ' `` Lysistrata '' . `` Everyone just closed their legs . Just shut it down . Men will get up . I noticed this happened in history before . Wars have stopped because of this . If every woman just said , ` That 's it , I 'm closing my legs until justice is served , until there is change , ' then things will be great . '' The actress went on to say how `` Karens '' would be `` overwhelmed because they do n't want change , '' but they will eventually come around and start spearheading the movement . `` Karens going to be like , ` Look , I know I was talking crazy a few months ago , but I can not handle all this sex that I got to do because everybody shut their legs closed . So please , please register to vote . Please let 's make some change . ' '' Tiffany also waxed on about her newly-shaved head , saying quarantine was the perfect time to have it done by her `` man , '' appearing to reference her new boyfriend , Common . `` I 'm not going to be on any red carpets , '' she explained . `` And if I do have to be on something , they always put me in wigs anyways . And the wigs fit better . '' `` I wanted to know what I look like from my head to toe , like , ` Who am I from head to toe ? ' '' she continued . `` Every religion talks about knowing thyself . And I know where all my moles are except for the ones that were on my head . And now I know I got two moles on my head and it 's a little wrinkled in the back . '' `` It 's very smooth . My head kind of feels like a penis and that 's kinda nice . '' Watch the full clip above ! Got a story or a tip for us ? Email TooFab editors at tips@toofab.com .", "url": "https://toofab.com/2020/08/18/tiffany-haddish-has-a-solution-for-systemic-racism/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.997166633605957}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.997166633605957}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.689196736162286, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'penis': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgXFlpM", "stitle": "Tiffany Haddish 's plea to women : ` Stop having sex ! '", "seg_title_stem": "Tiffany Haddish 's plea to woman : ` stop have sex ! '", "seg_content": "Tiffany Haddish thinks women should `` stop having sex '' until there is social justice . The 40-year-old comedian and actress wants to see real change made in the world when it comes to social issues , and has jokingly said the best way to make those in charge - who are predominantly male - create the change she wants to see , is for all the women in the world to deny them sex . During an appearance on ` The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon ' , Tiffany was asked if her stand-up routine had changed amid the recent Black Lives Matter protests , and she said : `` Definitely . People are always asking me , ` Tiffany , what can we do ? What can we do to make changes ? ' What I 've incorporated in my comedy is something that I think that would work , that would change the systemic racism , the injustices that we all suffer . I think the key to it is : All women , just stop having sex . Everyone , just close their legs . Just shut it down . '' The ` Night School ' star quipped that this tactic has `` happened in history before '' , and added : `` If every woman just said , ` That 's it . I 'm closing my legs until justice is served , until there is change , ' then things will be great . '' Tiffany even believes `` the Karens '' - which is the name typically given on the internet for women who do n't agree with the push for social reform - will eventually change their minds , as they 'll have to pick up `` all this sex '' that other women no longer want to do . She joked : `` Karens are going to be like , ` Look , I know I was talking crazy a few months ago , but I can not handle all this sex that I got ta do because everybody shut their legs . So , please , please register to vote . Please , let 's make some change . ' '' Also during her appearance , Tiffany explained her decision to shave her head , which she quipped had left her feeling `` like a penis '' . She said : `` I wanted to know what I look like from my head to toe . Like , who am I from head to toe ? Every religion talks about knowing thyself . And I know where all my moles are except for the ones that were on my head . And now I know that I have two moles on my head . And it 's a little wrinkly in the back . And when it 's all the way gone , it 's very smooth . My head kind of feels like a penis , and that 's kind of nice . ''", "url": "https://www.arcamax.com/entertainment/celebritygossip/s-2400036", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.7892844676971436}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.7665184736251831, "ArtsEntertainment_TV": 0.7892844676971436}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 0.7892844676971436}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06138519245962751, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgXOzBl", "stitle": "Marijuana Vending Machines are Now In Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Vending machine be now in Colorado", "seg_content": "In the new era of social distancing , Colorado has just introduced the first-ever marijuana vending machines . The vending machine , called Anna , is making its debut at the Strawberry Fields dispensary in Pueblo , and will soon be arriving at a different dispensary , Starbuds in Aurora , Colorado . The machines will be located inside the dispensary , so customers will still have to go through the process of checking in , showing their ID , and waiting their turn to make their purchase . However , the machines will eliminate the need to talk to the budtender , if in fact , the customer knows exactly what they want . These new vending machines will dispense marijuana in what 's known as ` flower , ' which is basically the smokable marijuana bud , as well as edibles and vape oils . The founder of these machines , Matt Frost , was inspired by the long waits to purchase marijuana from dispensaries in his native Massachusetts . He had this to say about his new invention : There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand-holding and want that education from a live person . With COVID-19 and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . Frost is also planning on implementing his Anna vending machines in non-dispensary locations to dispense CBD products , which are legal to sell in places like convenience stores . -LSB- Canon City Daily Record -RSB-", "url": "https://power1029noco.com/marijuana-vending-machines-are-now-in-colorado/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01465254738227406, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgXT4eY", "stitle": "Wildfires scorch the West as firefighters struggle with sizzling temperatures", "seg_title_stem": "wildfire scorch the West as firefighter struggle with sizzle temperature", "seg_content": "LAS VEGAS -- Fire crews across the West are battling multiple wildfires under some of the hottest weather the West Coast has seen in 70 years . At least four major fires are burning in the Colorado Rockies . In Western Colorado , the Pine Gulch Fire near Grand Junction has burned 87,209 acres and is 7 % contained as of Tuesday morning . The Grizzly Creek Fire near Glenwood Springs has burned about 25,007 acres with no containment . In Northern Colorado , the Williams Fork Fire has burned about 6,627 acres near Fraser , with no containment . The Cameron Peak Fire near Red Feather Lakes has burned about 12,323 acres with no containment . In California , there at least 15 wildfires burning . The Lake Fire started burning north of Los Angeles last Wednesday . At least 33 homes and other buildings have been destroyed in about a 30 square-mile area . The heat wave is also adding to the issue because normally California can take power from neighboring states like Arizona and Washington . But its also hot in those states , so they do n't have enough power to give . As a result , California has been dealing with rolling blackouts . `` You ca n't control the weather , but you can prepare for the weather events . And let me just make this crystal clear , we failed to predict and plan . That 's simply unacceptable , '' said California Gov. Gavin Newsom . There are two fires burning near Nevada 's border with California . In Southern California , the Dome Fire in Mojave National Preserve has consumed more than 40,000 acres . The preserve , which is about 70 miles west of Las Vegas , has one of the largest Joshua Tree forests in the world . In Northern California , the Loyalton Fire has also scorched more than 44,000 and is only 10 % contained . That fire is burning about 45 miles northwest of Reno .", "url": "https://www.fox21news.com/news/national/wildfires-scorch-the-west-as-firefighters-struggle-with-sizzling-temperatures/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16037517308159444, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgXTpc6", "stitle": "Marijuana and CBD May Cause Adverse Drug Interactions , Research Shows", "seg_title_stem": "marijuana and CBD May Cause adverse drug interaction , Research show", "seg_content": "Key Takeaways Finding published in the journal Medical Cannabis and Cannabinoids show that dozens of prescription medications may have harmful interactions with cannabis and CBD . Interactions may also be a factor with herbal remedies and OTC medications . Although more research is required , experts are advising patients to keep a log of all supplements and medications , along with their potential reactions to them . Although they 're now widely used , medical cannabis and medicinal cannabidiol -LRB- CBD -RRB- may cause adverse interactions with certain prescription medications , recent research suggests . A 2020 review article published in the journal Medical Cannabis and Cannabinoids lists 57 prescription medications that are potentially impacted by the use of cannabinoids , whether those are taken medicinally or recreationally . These findings should inform the way people choose to consume these therapeutic substances depending on what they 've been prescribed . Drug Interactions with Cannabinoids As CBD and cannabis products become increasingly available , there 's a higher likelihood of an unintended interaction , the researchers write , not just with prescriptions but potentially with other herbal remedies or over-the-counter medications . Even cigarette smoking could be an issue , they note , because it may change how cannabinoids are metabolized . Symptoms of interactions can run the gamut , and the research suggests the most common may be : Dizziness Confusion Cardiac side effects like rapid heartbeat and high blood pressure Gastrointestinal problems Daytime sleepiness Respiratory issues More Research Needed CBD , in particular , has prompted a breadth of claims about its benefits , including improved sleep , lowered anxiety , better workout recovery , lower pain levels , and increased focus . These potential benefits have driven some initial research , but it 's still pretty early in the CBD era before it becomes a must-have for everyone , according to Jordan Tishler , MD , professor at Harvard Medical School and president of the Association of Cannabis Specialists . `` There 's a lot of promise and excitement about CBD oil , '' he says . `` But we have a great deal of research ahead to go beyond anecdotal evidence and preliminary research . And in terms of issues like quality , it 's the Wild West out there right now , since it 's unregulated . But for those with issues that could be helped , CBD provides an option worth trying . '' One significant area of necessary research is why CBD , as well as medical marijuana , may work well for some people and not others . With that information , it would be easier to determine potential drug interactions and side effects . But unlike medications that work on other systems in the body , such as the cardiovascular or respiratory system , it 's tricky because the main mechanism involves the body 's endocannabinoid system , which does n't operate in a straightforward way . Instead , endocannabinoids , the cannabis-like molecules produced by the body , work to regulate the other systems to maintain bodily homeostasis . Your Body on CBD Tishler says a good analogy for how the endocannabinoid system works is to think of a car manufactured today , which contains a computer controlling nearly every operation , from fuel delivery to GPS to assessing tire pressure . That automotive brain is constantly tracking each system and can make small adjustments for efficiency , and your endocannabinoid system does the same , Tishler says . Neurotransmitters are located throughout the body and provide check-in updates that are regulated continually . `` Endocannabinoid receptors are in every system , from your lungs , kidneys , and bone marrow to your immune response , reproductive health , and pain modulation , '' he says . `` It affects pretty much everything in the body you can name . '' These receptors can be modulated with cannabis and CBD , but how they react with those receptors ca n't be predicted , according to Tishler . They may optimize receptor function for some people , but not others . That 's part of what needs more research -- understanding why there 's a difference in the intensity of how people respond . Alternative Avenues for Research Another research direction that 's likely to be pursued in the near future is the efficacy of different formulations , both with medical marijuana and CBD . With the latter , for example , the breadth of products is stunning , from topical creams and tinctures to an inhalable form for vaping , food options like gummies , and even a CBD-infused water . Although medical marijuana is more limited in format , it still comes in forms like pills , extracts , liquids , topicals , and dry leaves for smoking . There is not yet sufficient evidence about what 's considered the most effective , but anecdotally , it seems that there is an individualized response . For example , a medical marijuana or CBD tincture may do nothing for you , while an extract works like a charm , but it could be the other way around for someone else . To get even more granular , one brand may not provide any relief of symptoms , while another does , even though they could contain the same amount of active ingredients . Talk to Your Doctor While researchers determine the many paths to follow for these products , there is an action people who use them should take : Keep track of what 's being used , when it 's taken , and any potential effects . That applies not just to CBD and medical marijuana , but also any type of remedy . There can be interactions with medicinal herbs , and some supplements like St. John 's wort and goldenseal can be particularly problematic . `` You need to let your doctor know what you 're taking , right down to vitamin formulations , '' says Abigail Schildcrout , MD , an internal medicine specialist who runs a consulting firm , Practical Medical Insights , for patients trying to get more effective medical care . `` Keeping track of everything before an appointment and having that information available will not only save time , but could also show a pattern of reactions that indicates there may be issue . '' What This Means for You It is well proven that medicinal marijuana and CBD products can aid in the management of a variety of physical and mental conditions , but the key to success is monitoring the full picture of your therapeutic regimen . Keep track of how you feel after taking a cannabinoid alongside your regularly prescribed medications , and be sure to ask your doctor about possible interactions before adding any new substances to your routine .", "url": "https://www.verywellmind.com/cbd-products-may-cause-adverse-drug-interactions-5075091", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000078678131104}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000078678131104}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008069914693500749, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgXsLkZ", "stitle": "Police confiscate 400 pounds of marijuana from Brooklyn warehouse", "seg_title_stem": "police confiscate 400 pound of marijuana from Brooklyn warehouse", "seg_content": "NEW YORK -LRB- 1010 WINS -RRB- -- Police confiscated 400 pounds of marijuana from a Brooklyn warehouse on Monday , authorities said . According to officials , at around 4:30 p.m. , four men were attempting to pick up packages at a warehouse located at 500 Gardiner Avenue in East Williamsburg , when a manager questioned them about what they were doing . The men fled without the packages , prompting the manager to open them up . He called the police when he realized they contained a large amount of weed , the New York Post reports . Further details about the incident were not immediately available .", "url": "https://1010wins.radio.com/articles/400-pounds-of-marijuana-confiscated-from-brooklyn-warehouse", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000075101852417}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000075101852417}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.028444073312222817, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgXwlMV", "stitle": "The Pinkerton Raid 's New Protest Video Calls to Strip Confederate Honors from Jefferson Davis Highway", "seg_title_stem": "the Pinkerton raid 's New Protest Video call to Strip confederate honor from Jefferson Davis Highway", "seg_content": "As Confederate statues , battle flags , and historic names topple from public spaces , one of the most enduring symbols of the nation 's white supremacist past remains . A new video by Durham-based band The Pinkerton Raid seeks to draw attention to the issue in `` a tribute to the fighters for racial justice . '' Each day , motorists commute along the Jefferson Davis Highway , which stretches for thousands of miles across the United States . Built during the same period as the monuments that are being pulled down across the South , the highway is named after the Confederate president who led the Southern states ' failed effort to destroy America over the right to profit from the enslaved bodies of Black people . Today , it starts in Virginia and runs through the Carolinas -- passing near Durham as U.S. Route 15 -- before winding down into Georgia , Alabama , and Mississippi , and then veering west into Texas , New Mexico , Arkansas , and California . The 1910 plan for a transcontinental highway to honor a traitor was yet another odious effort by the United Daughters of the Confederacy . The UDC 's sponsorship of the highway happened between 1877 and the early 1920s , a time that Black historians , including Rayford Logan and John Hope Franklin , described as the nadir of the country 's race relations . Reconstruction was sabotaged by white terrorist lynchings , the end of the North 's support for Black civil rights , Jim Crow , the Chinese Exclusion Act , and the rewriting of history that recast the Confederacy 's immoral quest to perpetuate slavery as a noble Lost Cause . A former News & Observer staff writer , Jesse James DeConto is also an accomplished songwriter and musician in The Pinkerton Raid , with bassist Jon Depue and drummer Scott McFarlane . In 2018 , DeConto was covering the downfall of the Silent Sam statue at UNC-Chapel Hill for The New York Times . That year , inspired by the ongoing protests taking place in the Triangle and across America , The Pinkerton Raid released `` Jefferson Davis Highway '' on its fourth album , Where the Wildest Spirits Fly . DeConto had written the song the year before , following two seminal events in the anatomy of America 's volatile racial landscape . One was the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville . The second was the tearing down of the Confederate statue in front of the historic courthouse in Durham . The video is timed to mark the third anniversary of the widely divergent causes . The video , by Chapel Hill filmmaker Ye Tun , celebrates the activists `` who were fighting to remove the memorials to white supremacy , '' DeConto wrote in a press release . `` Most of the video footage came from the people 's uprising after the senseless murder of George Floyd by Minneapolis police . '' DeConto first noticed the highway when he had a part-time job as a church musician in the country outside Durham . The sign 's meaning in the crosscurrents of social change resonated with him and served as an epiphany . `` I was driving every week to lead people in songs of love , peace , and justice , and I was traveling a road named for the leading defender of slavery , '' DeConto wrote . `` It was just too much cognitive dissonance , a kind of hypocrisy baked into the system , right down to the asphalt . '' After a brief introduction to the history of the Jefferson Davis Highway -- `` a 3,000 mile monument '' -- the song begins with DeConto playing the opening guitar chords , giving way to a montage of protest images here in the Triangle and across the country . Main Street 's named for the president Who commanded the Confederates To defend them Dixie Pharaohs Against the armies of the Lord Main Street 's got a monument For the fighters , for the cause Got ta tear it down like that battle flag ` Cause the war is over now ... We ride the Jefferson Davis Highway , To sing in God 's own country . The protests that erupted after the police murdered George Floyd are the video 's visual leitmotif . There are also images of Dylan Roof being taken into custody after he was charged with the mass murders of the Black worshippers at a Charleston church , where he had just finished praying with them . There 's footage of activist Bree Newsome pulling down the Confederate flag from the South Carolina state capitol grounds , protesters moving forward in a swirl of tear gas , and the split-second moment when the statue in Durham crashed to the ground . At one point , DeConto is walking down U.S. 15 , armed with his guitar and singing for justice . There 's anger for the police killings that do n't seem to stop , and there 's big love for freedom , justice , and equality . The video ends with an aerial shot of the long-overdue assertion that Black Lives Matter , rendered by a group of artists in a burst of bright colors on Tryon Street in Charlotte . `` There 's so much sadness , pain , anger and terror in violent policing and these monuments intended to keep people down , '' DeConto wrote . `` But there 's so much joy and beauty in these masses of people marching , kneeling , speaking , singing , dancing and making art . The solidarity prevails even as our own government uses its power against the people . '' Watch the premiere of the video below and visit The Pinkerton Raid 's Bandcamp page to purchase the song . The band intends to donate proceeds to racial justice organizations such as BYP100 for the month of August . Follow Durham Reporter Thomasi McDonald on Twitter or send an email to tmcdonald@indyweek.com . Support independent local journalism . Join the INDY Press Club to help us keep fearless watchdog reporting and essential arts and culture coverage viable in the Triangle .", "url": "https://indyweek.com/music/features/pinkerton-raid-jefferson-davis-highway/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.7842272520065308}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.7842272520065308}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1390887684045393, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1, 'stripper': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgY2ZB7", "stitle": "From Sex Worker to Dynamic R&B Artist , STORRY 's Story Is Worth Telling", "seg_title_stem": "from sex worker to Dynamic R&B Artist , STORRY 's Story be Worth Telling", "seg_content": "Age has been on STORRY 's mind lately . Years after learning to adapt to the world of seedy strip clubs , STORRY feels she is clawing back against time . `` Clocks on walls , time keeps ticking , days unfold , time keeps slipping , fears of silver strands that glisten , proof that we done smiled , '' says STORRY , reciting the poetry of her latest song `` Worth . '' `` We live in a world where new is better and what becomes old is an increasingly shorter window , '' says STORRY about the concept of the song . Youth inextricably tied to this idea of self-worth . Her debut album , CH III : The Come Up , did n't do as well commercially as she would have liked . A former exotic dancer , she slowly began transitioning into a music career . The career change was not some spur-of-the-moment decision . No , STORRY had been a classically trained musician schooled in opera before an abusive boyfriend came into the picture . Music was a lifelong dream . `` I was singing my ABCs into the microphone from the age of two , '' recalls STORRY . STORRY suffered physical , emotional , and verbal abuse in the relationship . She was n't allowed to perform , she was n't allowed to read books , or even go on social media . Her boyfriend coerced her into stripping and then took all the money . For eight years , she had no creative outlet . After a visit to a Jackson Pollock exhibit , she turned to oil painting to escape . Like Pollock , STORRY creates her art from a raw emotional place . Her debut album was part memoir , detailing her leaving sex work and bound in a co-dependent relationship . Life had been hard . Raised in the high-need Toronto neighbourhood of Rexdale , STORRY 's family often fought over money . A chaotic household , her parents eventually split . STORRY says her mother was the rock in the family her entire life . It formed a bit of her codependency , she admits . `` Everyone started saying to me I was too old to start . That I better hurry . That no matter how talented I was , I better hurry . I better hurry . And so I hurried . '' Her parents had always encouraged her art and her singing . Particularly , her mother had been supportive of STORRYs artistic career . But they would fight a lot as her mother knew she was hiding something . `` I thought my family would disown me if they found out that I was a stripper , '' says STORRY . `` During the time I was in an abusive relationship , she sensed that something was wrong . But she did n't know what it was . '' Once the relationship ended , STORRY embarked on a journey of self-discovery in India . A three-month retreat , kicking off with her mother joining her for the first three weeks , she headed for the beach . `` I went into the water , and then the waves smacked me into the ground face-first . I went right into the sand . I got up , and I started laughing , '' says STORRY . A fit of laughter induced by years of repressed emotions . `` I ran up back to my mom with tears in my eyes laughing . I hugged her and told her how much I loved her . And I realized that I had n't laughed in eight years . All those years that I was abused by my ex-boyfriend ... I had n't laughed , '' recounts STORRY . This seems strange for an artist as gifted a writer as STORRY . Those familiar with her music know she infuses humour into her songwriting with a caustic wit . `` Laughter is healing , '' she explains . At first , she had no plans to return to music . Instead , she had begun planning to open a vegan restaurant with her aunt upon returning to Canada . After receiving what she believed to be omens in India , she 's since made up for lost time . Reflecting on her time as an exotic dancer , STORRY tells me she learned how to be more secure with herself . How she noticed that personality came into play . How the ability to make someone comfortable was key . While other girls around her were getting plastic surgery , STORRY was secure with her body . That changed when she went into the music industry . `` I never considered botox until the last couple years trying to break into this industry . '' As a woman in the industry , STORRY has had to put up with a lot . Her abusive ex-boyfriend had been a small-time music producer that lured her in with broken promises and false hopes . While there have been some efforts to address the music industry 's misogyny with the rise of the #metoo movement , predators are still prevalent throughout . STORRY explains a range of experiences : `` I had people invite me to ` meetings ' at their house at 11 o'clock at night that turn into them trying to get me into bed . Then when I 'm nicely declining and trying to leave and trying not to hurt this person 's ego -- to never hearing from them again -LSB- sic -RSB- . '' `` They know their position can make or break what I 'm doing in the industry , '' adds STORRY . It goes from the obvious to something a bit more subtle . `` This one guy , and he was young ... . I really respected his music , and I really wanted to work with him . He was like , ` Yeah , let 's get together . ' He goes , ` Okay , let 's meet up . ' I think it was 10 o'clock at night or something . I 'm like , ` Okay , sure . Let 's grab a late drink . ' So we 're chatting and I open up to him about a lot of things I 'm trying to do with my music and ... . he goes in to kiss me , '' says STORRY . After politely declining the guy 's advances , she was no longer invited to an industry event the next day . It 's hard not to think youth and beauty are not somehow tied to success in the industry . `` Everyone started saying to me I was too old to start . That I better hurry . That no matter how talented I was , I better hurry . I better hurry . And so I hurried . I worked so hard . I tried networking . I used every dollar that I made from dancing -- to just try to do everything I could have to make this dream a reality . '' STORRY is not alone in feeling that arrested development may be beneficial . The creeping of age bears down at us all . But STORRY has a bright future . She 's already been nominated for a JUNO award and has taught herself how to produce . Her video for `` Up , '' a claymation short , won the award for Best Editing at the Montreal International Wreath Film Festival and Best Animated Music Video at jellyFEST in L.A. . Her art has resonated with artists like Junia-T and Jessie Reyez . With a voice like Amy Lee and songwriting abilities similar to Frank Ocean , it 's no wonder . As time goes on , she will only be more recognized for her brilliance .", "url": "https://www.complex.com/music/2020/08/storry-worth-interview", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9998869895935059}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9998869895935059}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.045451952918236456, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'obscene': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgY9BYo", "stitle": "Man extradited to Pulaski County on sex offense charges", "seg_title_stem": "man extradite to Pulaski County on sex offense charge", "seg_content": "Sheriff Greg Speck reports that a Carthage , Tennessee man was arrested on August 17 , 2020 for various sex related charges involving a minor . Detective Joey Johnson of the Criminal Investigation Division of the Pulaski County Sheriff 's Office received a complaint from a Pulaski County resident involving Snap Chat conversations between their minor child and an adult individual in Tennessee . Detective Johnson 's investigation revealed that since March of 2020 , an adult male had been requesting sexually explicit photos of the 11 year old female as well as requests to meet her for sexual relations . Raven D. Allen , age 21 of Carthage , Tennessee was arrested by Smith County Tennessee Deputies after Detective Johnson 's investigation led to a positive identification of the subject . A Pulaski County District Court Warrant was issued charging Raven D. Allen with : Prohibitive Use of Electronic Communication System to Procure Minor/Peace Officer Re : Sex Offenses . Distribution of Obscene Matter to Minors , 1st Offense . Promoting a Minor -LRB- Under 16 -RRB- in Sex Performance . Raven D. Allen was extradited from Tennessee by Detective Johnson and lodged in the Pulaski County Detention on a $ 7500 cash bond . The investigation continues by Detective Joey Johnson of the Pulaski County Sheriff 's Office .", "url": "https://www.wtloam.com/2020/08/18/man-extradited-to-pulaski-county-on-sex-offense-charges/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022609020560497992, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgYDCCS", "stitle": "San Diego Faces Another Day of Sizzling Highs as Heat Wave Grinds On", "seg_title_stem": "San Diego face another day of sizzle high as Heat Wave grind on", "seg_content": "Another day of scorching heat is expected everywhere except the coast in San Diego County and relief is not expected to arrive until this weekend , according to the National Weather Service . High pressure over the southwestern United States will peak Tuesday , then weaken slightly for the latter half of the workweek , forecasters said . An excessive heat warning will remain in effect until 10 p.m. Thursday in the San Diego County valleys , mountains and deserts . Meteorologists urged residents to drink plenty of fluids , stay out of the sun and check on relatives and neighbors . Also , young children , seniors and pets should be never be left unattended in a vehicle , with car interiors able to `` reach lethal temperatures in a matter of minutes , '' according to the weather service . High temperatures Tuesday are forecast to reach 84 degrees near the coast , 96 inland , 100 in the western valleys , 107 near the foothills , 103 in the mountains and 118 in the deserts . Monsoonal moisture could cause thunderstorms in the county mountains Tuesday afternoon . Highs in the deserts are expected to remain consistent through Thursday , then drop to 114 on Friday , according to the weather service . The mercury in the western valleys is forecast to top out in the low-to-mid 90s through Friday , while highs near the foothills could remain in the triple digits through Friday . Campo set a high temperature record for August 17 on Monday , according to the weather service . The desert locale northeast of Tecate recorded a high of 106 , eclipsing its previous mark for the date of 103 in 2001 .", "url": "https://timesofsandiego.com/life/2020/08/18/san-diego-faces-another-day-of-sizzling-highs-as-heat-wave-grinds-on/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment_Weather": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06138519245962751, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgYIYlV", "stitle": "Marijuana Vending Machines are Now In Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Vending machine be now in Colorado", "seg_content": "In the new era of social distancing , Colorado has just introduced the first-ever marijuana vending machines . The vending machine , called Anna , is making its debut at the Strawberry Fields dispensary in Pueblo , and will soon be arriving at a different dispensary , Starbuds in Aurora , Colorado . The machines will be located inside the dispensary , so customers will still have to go through the process of checking in , showing their ID , and waiting their turn to make their purchase . However , the machines will eliminate the need to talk to the budtender , if in fact , the customer knows exactly what they want . These new vending machines will dispense marijuana in what 's known as ` flower , ' which is basically the smokable marijuana bud , as well as edibles and vape oils . The founder of these machines , Matt Frost , was inspired by the long waits to purchase marijuana from dispensaries in his native Massachusetts . He had this to say about his new invention : There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand-holding and want that education from a live person . With COVID-19 and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . Frost is also planning on implementing his Anna vending machines in non-dispensary locations to dispense CBD products , which are legal to sell in places like convenience stores . -LSB- Canon City Daily Record -RSB-", "url": "https://943thex.com/marijuana-vending-machines-are-now-in-colorado/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008039915587266168, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgYIfzi", "stitle": "Michigan Marijuana Market Has $ 3B Potential , Says State 's Top Cannabis Regulator", "seg_title_stem": "Michigan Marijuana Market have $ 3b potential , say State 's top Cannabis Regulator", "seg_content": "The legalized cannabis market in Benzinga 's home state of Michigan is `` growing exponentially , '' and the COVID-19 pandemic has n't prevented new businesses from entering the market , according to Michigan 's top marijuana regulator . Andrew Brisbo , the executive director of the Marijuana Regulatory Agency , spoke Tuesday at Benzinga 's virtual Cannabis Capital Conference . Michigan 's Growth Since December : Recreational cannabis went on sale in Michigan in December 2019 , and at that time monthly medical marijuana sales totaled about $ 26 million , Brisbo said . Fast forward to March , and total marijuana sales in the state were $ 52 million , growing to $ 109 million in July . Despite sales increasing by more than a factor of four in just a few months , the market is still in its infancy . Even if total sales for 2020 surpass $ 1 billion , that figure represents one-third of the total potential of the Michigan market , Brisbo said . Registration is open now for the next virtual Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference Oct. 15-16 . Michigan 's Main Challenges : One of the challenges facing the industry are municipalities that limit the number of stores that can legally operate and sell recreational products , the Michigan Regulatory Agency said . `` The consumer demand is there , but there 's also only so far consumers will go to make their purchases . '' The pandemic has slowed down all government activities and public consultations , Bribso said . But the `` conversation is there , '' and municipalities are becoming open to advancing the industry to collect additional tax revenue and create jobs in their communities , he said . The Cannabis Banking World : Cannabis entrepreneurs require a lot of money to start a business and have the added challenge of complying with different regulations , Brisbo said . The regulatory agency has played a role in establishing relationships with Michigan lenders to ease these concerns , he said . The only long-term solution must come at the federal level , including a reduction in the 70 % tax on legal marijuana businesses , he said . Social Equity For Michigan Cannabis : The Marijuana Regulatory Agency is focused on communities with a higher-than-average poverty or arrest rate , Brisbo said , adding that residents of these communities should have an equal playing field in achieving success . `` For them to be able to benefit from this new legalized industry is paramount to the mission of the agency , '' he said . `` We are working hard to try and come up with ideas -- and big picture ideas , not just those at the agency level , but how we can partner with the legislature to ensure real change is enacted . '' Andrew Brisbo , executive director of Michigan 's Marijuana Regulatory Agency . Benzinga file photo by Dustin Blitchok .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17139647/michigan-marijuana-market-has-3b-potential-says-states-top-cannabis-regulator", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.5227795243263245}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.5227795243263245}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1033550123868146, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgYQsMt", "stitle": "Talking Shop With The Women Behind House Of Saka , A Revolutionary Weed-Infused Wine Brand", "seg_title_stem": "talk Shop with the woman behind House of Saka , a Revolutionary Weed-Infused Wine Brand", "seg_content": "Being on the cutting edge of a new industry is tough . Just ask Cynthia Salarizadeh and Tracey Mason . In 2018 , the pair teamed up to launch House of Saka , a brand of cannabis-infused luxury products , including cannabis-infused wine , which is created with Napa Valley grapes and a proprietary blend of CBD and THC . Producing a scientifically complex product in a budding industry with ever-changing rules and regulations , Salarizadeh and Mason had their work cut out for them . But their combined experience , adaptability , and mission to demystify cannabis for new users guided them to success . `` There 's a lot of curiosity around cannabis , but it 's held back by fear or even the stigma of weed being this ` Cheech & Chong , giant joint ' kind of thing , '' Mason tells Refinery29 . Because the cannabis elements in House of Saka wines are so bio-available , drinkers feel the effect within five to 15 minutes , just like they would with normal alcohol . That means you do n't have to understand the lingo of ounces or milligrams that 's so often involved in buying and using marijuana in other forms in order to give cannabis a go . `` You can have a couple of milligrams via a couple of ounces of House of Saka , and you 'll feel those effects . It 's not as though you 're taking an edible and you 're feeling those effects two hours later and when you start to feel them , you do n't want to feel that way , '' Mason explains . `` You can monitor and understand the effects with consistent and safe predictability that other formats of cannabis simply do n't offer . It 's the absolute best way to learn about cannabis , specifically THC , and how it affects you . '' In this month 's edition of Talking Shop , Salarizadeh and Mason give us all the details about how they came to develop such an innovative product and ultimately get it out to market . From the branding concept to the very specific way cannabis products must be advertised , these small business owners detail the various step and unique challenges they 've taken on since launching House of Saka . Refinery29 : Walk us through the process of launching House of Saka . Cynthia Salarizadeh : I was finishing school about ten years ago , and while I was there , I was studying an ancient tribe in central Asia called the Scythians . The Scythians used wine during their rituals . This particular group gave rise to the mythological Amazonian women , so the Wonder Women are technically Scythians . The Persian term for Scythian is Saka . The Scythians were an Iranian group , and I happen to be Persian so I always said that if I had a brand , I would name it Saka because , in my head , it stands for powerful women . When I started looking into cannabis and taking it seriously as a career move , I was doing research on everything -- industrial hemp , cannabis and its medicinal properties -- and I kept coming across with theme of cannabis-infused wine . I always thought that might be something I would want to be involved with as a brand . As proposition 64 started to unfold , I was doing the PR for a group called Ebbu . Ebbu was acquired by Canopy Growth for almost $ 500 million , and they were the first to bring to market the water-soluble infusion that makes cannabis infusions possible . I knew , in the back of my head , everything was coming together . The pieces were falling into place . About three years after I initially thought of the original concept , I started to try to pull it together . So I went out to find the perfect business partner and CEO to help bring the actual concept and the brand to life , and that 's when , in my search , I was introduced to Tracey by the head of the executive wine program at Sonoma State University . She wound up being a perfect fit , and we decided to launch this luxury brand together . Tracey Mason : So Cynthia and I came together . She obviously had a tremendous background in the cannabis industry , and I come from nearly 30 years in the wine and spirits industry , largely in more high-level marketing and innovation roles , so I was used to taking on new challenges . My career , at the time , had essentially been about creating new products in the wine and spirits space . Cynthia developed this incredibly beautiful concept with a great , authentic story around female warriors , but we did n't know how to do really anything else . The first thing we did was decide where our provenance would be , and we felt drawn to Napa Valley . Given my background and our COO 's background in the wine space , Napa Valley , to us , is the premier wine-growing region of the world so we wanted to anchor our brand and our company there . We are now the first and only cannabis-infused beverage made from Napa Valley wine . When we first began sourcing the wine , we had to navigate an incredible amount of difficult , and in some instances , nonsensical regulations to figure out how to put this product together . What we wound up doing , through our contacts , was getting some incredibly good Napa Valley Rosé of Pinot Noir . This was our first release . We removed the alcohol , and then we worked to build up those certain flavor and aroma compounds that are lost when you remove the alcohol . Then , we used a nano-emulsion to infuse it with a proprietary blend of CBD and THC . CS : We are being very literal about having to figure out how to create this product because nothing existed to do it . There were no manufacturing facilities that could legally bottle our products and the distribution networks could n't handle the weight of our cases , so it was a really unique product to bring to market . It 's a very challenging supply chain to develop , but with the expertise of Tracy and our other business partner , Sue Buchorski , we were able to put together something truly incredible up against the worst circumstances . It 's been challenging , but pretty impressive , and a lot of it has to do with what Tracy has done . You mentioned that you had experience working in the cannabis industry and the wine and spirits industry , respectively . Can you share some more details about your background in business ? Did you go to business school or have any kind of other formal training ? TM : I did some graduate business school , but I never finished . Again , I 've been in super senior C-level roles in the alcohol and cannabis industries . Between myself , Sue , our COO , who spent 30 years in senior finance and operations roles , and Cynthia 's experience in cannabis , I think that it 's our experience that sets us apart from the competition . There 's literally no other company in the infused beverage space that has the depth of understanding and knowledge of beverage and beverage development that we do . CS : I did not take any classes -- well , I think I took a business law class one time -- but I do n't really have an actual education in business . I did help found or co-found a couple of different companies that have been exited or been acquired . I currently am the cofounder of Green Market Media , which sits over top of the financial cannabis news site Green Market Report and a newswire distribution service for the cannabis industry called Axiswire that 's the top PR firm in cannabis , and that was acquired about a year and a half , two years ago . So I do have experience in this business , but I was not formally trained . Have you received any funding for House of Saka ? If so , what kind ? TM : When we began the company at the very end of 2018 , we were just conceptualizing the company and putting it together . We bootstrapped largely for that first year . So that was between Cynthia and myself , and it was kind of a blood , sweat , and tears situation . Then in 2019 , as Cynthia indicated , we had a concept that we could n't really move forward with because we did n't have a compliant way of bottling it so we had to wait for the industry to catch up to us and our idea . Finally , in the summer of 2019 , we found a co-packing partner that would allow us to get our wine in a bottle in a compliant way . Once we had that piece of the supply chain , which was the only missing piece at that point , that 's when we did our first seed round . We did a seed raise of $ 250,000 at the end of 2019 , with the idea that we would use that money to get on shelves , which is exactly what we did . We actually used that money not only to get Saka Pink on shelves but also to develop and launch Saka White , which is a Napa Valley Chardonnay-based product , in 2020 . Our intention was to go right into our Series A raise this spring , but given the situation with COVID and the conservative nature with which people were deploying funds , we decided it would make more sense to do another seed raise and leverage that money to launch us into our Series A . So we raised another $ 250,000 and that 's what we 're working with right now . We are actively launching our Series A on September 1 , which would be a $ 2 million raise against the $ 10 million pre-money valuation . How many employees do you have ? Do you have a cap of how many people you would like to employ ? TM : We want to keep it small . One of the benefits of our business model is that it does n't have a lot of capital intensity built into it . Right now , there are three of us that sit on the executive team . There 's myself , as CEO and co-founder ; Cynthia , as founder and president ; and Sue Buchorski , our COO and CFO . We have other people that work with us in both sales as well as accounting , and we have agencies to whom we 're attached . Right now , the idea would be to keep our core team very small as we get into our next raise . That 's when we 'll start hiring other key positions primarily in sales because it 's really difficult to advertise cannabis products so we really need to have feet on the street to continue to bring our brand and our message directly to the retailer . For 2021 , the most we 've budgeted for is eight people , so we 're keeping it really small and tight but really effective . There seems to be a varied understanding of what it actually means to be a small business . Based on your experience and vision for House of Saka , what is a small business to you ? TM : We 're a small company that 's doing a really big thing that we hope to grow , and it could actually then become not necessarily a small business . It could be acquired by a big business or become a big business in and of itself , so we 're sort of straddling both sides of that fence because we know the way that modern businesses work . We have so much equity that we can give to our employees . We want our employees not just to be employees , but to be owners in our company , and in order to do that , we have to keep it small . We have an understanding that when you have skin in the game , you worked that much harder . You 've already mentioned a few significant challenges you 've faced in launching House of Saka , from finding a packaging partner to the restrictions of advertising cannabis products . What would you say has been your biggest business challenge so far ? TM : I 'm trying to think of a business challenge we have n't faced because , as Cynthia indicated , we have an extremely complicated supply chain that has a lot of moving pieces , and we 're trying to be very , very compliant in what we do . There are issues around regulation . There are tremendous issues around distribution . We 've had major issues with production , and again because we 're sort of building this plane as we 're flying it , we 've had some issues with standard operating procedures being followed in the right way and making sure that our partners are adhering to our quality standards . Then , on the retail side : it 's one thing to sell a product , and it 's another thing to make sure that you 're pulling off shelves . We 've been a little compromised in that sense because most people are n't leaving their houses right now so we 've really focused on delivery platforms to get the word out . That 's become our number one sales channel by far . Well , that 's certainly a lot to overcome and figure out . On the flip side , what would you say has been your biggest business win ? TM : Truthfully -- and I do n't mean to sound kind of `` woo woo '' about this -- but I think every day is a win because of all of the barriers against which we have come and the way that we 've been able to get over them and be nimble and make things work despite very , very complicated and difficult circumstances . To deliver a product that is , I would argue , at least in California , the best known infused beverage on the market and certainly has set the standard for quality and branding , to have that done , to launch two beautiful , award-winning products with very little seed funding and do it in the manner that has kept everything in line with the luxury positioning that we wanted to achieve , it 's pretty astounding . Despite the challenges , the reason we get up and comb our hair in the morning is because we know that we can overcome anything . It can be a little draining at times , but I think being in a startup , in general , is n't for the faint of heart . Being in a startup in the cannabis space , you have to have a really , really strong will and a lot of determination . Truthfully , most people could not do what we do every day . It 's really hard . CS : It 's just so challenging every single day . You have to pivot and be flexible . Another huge win for us , I would say , is our branding and our marketing . We just seemed to nail it with that , especially in our industry . But , I agree , I think our main win is our ability to pivot and our ever-evolving skills because of the industry . Something changes every single day , like , there 'll be new laws all the time . You have to just roll with the punches and adapt . What is your ultimate goal for House of Saka ? TM : We want to be the best selling , best known cannabis-infused beverage in the world . But , it 's not just about the beverages , it 's about the whole brand and the other products that come out underneath House of Saka . Calling it House of Saka was by design , because we know we want to create a whole portfolio of products that marry to infused luxury , which is our tagline . We want to create an incredible brand and an incredible company , but also I think what 's really magical about being in the space that we 're in right now is being able to define the culture of a company . It 's not just what we do . Obviously our products will be our products and we 'll do them in the best possible way , but it 's also creating a culture that 's supportive of women , that 's supportive of minorities , that supportive of marginalized people in our society , and creating this kind of workspace that 's beautiful . To have the ability to create that from the ground up is a blessing , but it 's also what really drives us . It 's about the product , but it 's also about the culture that we alone can create in this space . This interview was edited for length and clarity . Refinery29 in no way encourages illegal activity and would like to remind its readers that marijuana usage continues to be an offense under Federal Law , regardless of state marijuana laws . In Refinery29 's new Talking Shop series , we 're chatting with owners of up-and-coming small businesses about their experiences launching , the big challenges and wins they 've faced , and of course , their products and services . Discover new spots to patronize , while getting an intimate look at what it takes to run a small business in today 's economy . Do you run a small business or do you want to recommend a small business you 'd like to see featured on Talking Shop ? Tell us more about it here .", "url": "https://www.refinery29.com/en-us/2020/08/9965709/house-of-saka-tracey-mason-cynthia-salarizadeh-interview", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022359584775382, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgYcl4g", "stitle": "Five Things for Tuesday , including Ryan Reynolds ' gin and an e-commerce cannabis company", "seg_title_stem": "five thing for Tuesday , include Ryan Reynolds ' gin and a e-commerce cannabis company", "seg_content": "Plus , a Bend e-commerce company counts Howard Schultz and Snoop Dogg among its backers . Weekly Edition Filled with `` must read '' stories , industry news and reporter insights , exclusive interviews with local business leaders , and expanded Top 25 Lists . Exclusive Online Tools Research the 3 + year digital archive , and People on the Move leads database download . Book of Lists Start using the digital Book of Lists today . Print subscribers receive the printed Book of Lists when published .", "url": "https://www.bizjournals.com/portland/news/2020/08/18/five-things-for-tuesday.html?iana=hpmvp_ptl_news_headline", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.013188015043253513, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgYjNPF", "stitle": "These American Cannabis Operators Are On Track For $ 1 Billion Annual Revenue Soon", "seg_title_stem": "these american Cannabis Operators be on Track for $ 1 Billion annual revenue soon", "seg_content": "In July , I shared my thinking about why cannabis stocks were primed to rally , pointing to booming product demand , more states legalizing in short order and the likelihood of a friendlier federal regulatory environment . Since then , the New Cannabis Ventures Global Cannabis Stock Index has rallied 13.5 % to 34.40 from its July 10th close of 30.31 . A sub-sector delivering much stronger performance than the overall index has been the leading multi-state operators -LRB- MSOs -RRB- . Here is the performance since then for the top 4 in terms of market cap , which includes Cresco Labs , Curaleaf Holdings , Green Thumb Industries and Trulieve : Since the lows in March , the stocks are up 234-279 % , far outpacing the index , which is up about 102 % since March 18th . Why are investors snapping up shares of these large operators ? Quite simply , the growth prospects are extremely favorable , as I will discuss below , and the recent earnings reports reinforced this notion , with Curaleaf , GTI and Trulieve having already reported and Cresco set to report its Q2 on August 20th . Trulieve kicked it off on August 12th , with its Q2 revenue ahead of expectations at $ 120.8 million , up 109 % from a year ago . Its operating income excluding changes in the value of biological assets , soared to $ 54.3 million , or 45 % of revenue . Later that day , GTI also beat expectations , with its $ 119.6 million Q2 revenue growing 168 % from a year ago as the company reported operating profits of $ 14.1 million . On the 17th , Curaleaf , which has just closed a large acquisition that will boost revenue substantially beginning in Q3 , reported Q2 revenue of $ 117.5 million , up 142 % from a year ago , with an operating income excluding changes in the value of biological assets at $ 1.1 million , a sharp improvement over the prior quarter as it scales its operations . Cresco Labs is expected to report revenue of about $ 76 million , which would represent growth of 155 % from a year ago . More exciting than the strong growth in revenue and the improvement in profitability is the outlook . Trulieve raised its full-year outlook when it reported for revenue to be $ 465-485 million , with adjusted EBITDA of $ 205-225 million . Previously it had been guiding -LRB- for a year -RRB- for revenue to be $ 380-400 million , with adjusted EBITDA of $ 140-160 million . Curaleaf , which reports a pro forma revenue number that includes what is now only deals that have closed as if they had closed at the end of 2019 , expects its Q3 pro forma revenue to grow from $ 165 million to $ 205-215 million , up at least 24 % sequentially . GTI did n't provide a forecast , and Cresco Labs traditionally has n't done so either . In general , we are seeing a `` beat and raise '' environment . All four of these stocks are covered by several analysts , and the consensus outlook , according to Sentieo , is for very strong growth ahead . In fact , these analysts expect each of these companies to surpass $ 1 billion in annual revenue in the coming years , with the first likely to be Curaleaf . For 2021 , the consensus before its earnings report was $ 1.03 billion , but it looks like most of the analysts are raising their outlook . At present , the 2021 revenue forecasts for the others are $ 736 million for GTI , $ 645 million for Trulieve and $ 642 million for Cresco Labs . I would argue that each of these companies has good access to capital and the ability to consolidate the industry , where there are many assets currently for sale , something that could accelerate the time-line for achieving $ 1 billion in revenue . Even without any sort of acquisitions , the companies are well on their way to hitting that level by 2022 or 2023 . During the pandemic , finding robust growth stories has become challenging , but cannabis appears to be just that . The largest cannabis operators are benefiting from surging demand and are scaling up and expanding their operations . Several of the largest MSOs have exposure to Arizona and New Jersey , both of which will see ballot initiatives , that could expand that demand even further . Additionally , legalization in New Jersey could spur New York , Connecticut and Pennsylvania to legalize as well , and several of these MSOs have operations in those states already . Between organic growth , M&A and favorable outcomes in November , I am confident that the race to $ 1 billion for these companies will end more quickly than many currently expect . One final point : The universe of cannabis operators extends far beyond these four leading companies , and many of the smaller operators may offer more value . Due to operations being restricted to state-by-state and the inability to scale easily consequently , there is no `` winner-take-all '' outcome with the current structure . There is a lot of room for many companies to benefit from the favorable industry trends . Additionally , as I discussed in May , there are many different sub-sectors in the space , and there are opportunities outside of direct cannabis companies . One that worked out substantially better than I would have expected is GrowGeneration , which I profiled many times here at Forbes , most recently in June , when I discussed several stocks that were up year-to-date at the time . Disclaimer : I mentioned Cresco Labs , which is a client of mine at New Cannabis Ventures , where we provide an investor dashboard on its behalf . We disclose all public company clients here . I do not own any stocks mentioned in this article , though I may include them in one or more model portfolios at 420 Investor .", "url": "https://www.forbes.com/sites/alanjbrochstein/2020/08/18/these-american-cannabis-operators-are-on-track-for-1-billion-annual-revenue-soon/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 0.6864003539085388}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 0.6864003539085388}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011708763403079955, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgYkFJE", "stitle": "Dallas Mavericks ' Luka Doncic 's playoff debut joins all-time greats Joe Montana , Babe Ruth and Megatron with historic starts", "seg_title_stem": "Dallas Mavericks ' Luka Doncic 's playoff debut join all-time great Joe Montana , Babe Ruth and Megatron with historic start", "seg_content": "When you can join names like Babe Ruth , Joe Montana and Calvin Johnson , you 're doing some things . Dallas Mavericks star Luka Doncicmade his first appearance in the NBA playoffs with a record 42 pointsin a 118-110 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers . Doncic also scored the second-most points for a 21-year-old in a playoff game . His performance is tied with Hall of Famers Magic Johnson and Tracy McGrady and behind only LeBron James . But Doncic 's exploits are n't limited to just the NBA . In fact , his company when compared to other pro sports is equally elite . Here are some other amazing playoff debuts : Babe Ruth , Boston Red Sox When : 1916 World Series What he did : While Ruth had one at-bat in the 1915 World Series , he made his postseason pitching debut in the 1916 series against the Brooklyn Robins . Starting Game 2 , in a season he went 23-12 with a 1.75 ERA , Ruth pitched a 14-inning , complete game while allowing just one run in a 2-1 win . It 's still the longest postseason , complete-game victory in baseball history . Joe Montana , San Francisco 49ers When : 1981 NFC divisional round What he did : In January 1982 , the 49ers ' quarterback faced the New York Giants and rookie linebacker Lawrence Taylor . Montana shredded the Giants , completing 20 of 31 passes for 304 yards and two touchdowns . This was part of an epic playoff run for Montana . The following game -- the NFC Championship Game -- Montana found tight end Dwight Clark for `` The Catch '' to beat the Dallas Cowboys and advance to the Super Bowl . Montana was then the MVP of Super Bowl XVI , a 26-21 win over the Cincinnati Bengals . Calvin Johnson , Detroit Lions When : 2011 wild-card playoff round What he did : In a 45-28 loss to the New Orleans Saints , Megatron went off . Johnson caught 12 passes for 211 yards and two touchdowns . Both of those are franchise playoff records . It is also the NFL record for most receiving yards in a playoff debut . However , Johnson would play in only one more playoff game . We 'll have to wait and see how Doncic 's career will rate .", "url": "https://abc30.com/sports/dallas-mavericks-luka-doncics-playoff-debut-joins-all-time-greats-joe-montana-babe-ruth-and-megatron-with-historic-starts/6376067/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0147255644072215, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgYmFEo", "stitle": "Dallas Mavericks ' Luka Doncic 's playoff debut joins all-time greats Joe Montana , Babe Ruth and Megatron with historic starts", "seg_title_stem": "Dallas Mavericks ' Luka Doncic 's playoff debut join all-time great Joe Montana , Babe Ruth and Megatron with historic start", "seg_content": "When you can join names like Babe Ruth , Joe Montana and Calvin Johnson , you 're doing some things . Dallas Mavericks star Luka Doncic made his first appearance in the NBA playoffs with a record 42 points in a 118-110 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers . Doncic also scored the second-most points for a 21-year-old in a playoff game . His performance is tied with Hall of Famers Magic Johnson and Tracy McGrady and behind only LeBron James . View this post on Instagram The list of 21-year-olds to drop 40 + Pts in an NBA Playoff game is ELITE A post shared by ESPN -LRB- @espn -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 9:17 pm PDT But Doncic 's exploits are n't limited to just the NBA . In fact , his company when compared to other pro sports is equally elite . Here are some other amazing playoff debuts : Babe Ruth , Boston Red Sox When : 1916 World Series What he did : While Ruth had one at-bat in the 1915 World Series , he made his postseason pitching debut in the 1916 series against the Brooklyn Robins . Starting Game 2 , in a season he went 23-12 with a 1.75 ERA , Ruth pitched a 14-inning , complete game while allowing just one run in a 2-1 win . It 's still the longest postseason , complete-game victory in baseball history . Joe Montana , San Francisco 49ers When : 1981 NFC divisional round What he did : In January 1982 , the 49ers ' quarterback faced the New York Giants and rookie linebacker Lawrence Taylor . Montana shredded the Giants , completing 20 of 31 passes for 304 yards and two touchdowns . This was part of an epic playoff run for Montana . The following game -- the NFC Championship Game -- Montana found tight end Dwight Clark for `` The Catch '' to beat the Dallas Cowboys and advance to the Super Bowl . Montana was then the MVP of Super Bowl XVI , a 26-21 win over the Cincinnati Bengals . Calvin Johnson , Detroit Lions When : 2011 wild-card playoff round What he did : In a 45-28 loss to the New Orleans Saints , Megatron went off . Johnson caught 12 passes for 211 yards and two touchdowns . Both of those are franchise playoff records . It is also the NFL record for most receiving yards in a playoff debut . However , Johnson would play in only one more playoff game . We 'll have to wait and see how Doncic 's career will rate . Information from ESPN Stats & Info contributed to this story .", "url": "https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/29687904/dallas-mavericks-luka-doncic-playoff-debut-joins-all-greats-joe-montana-babe-ruth-megatron-historic-starts", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011860494337775121, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgYrapY", "stitle": "The Cannabis Industry Needs Banking Now", "seg_title_stem": "the Cannabis Industry need Banking now", "seg_content": "The notion that cannabis may cure , treat or prevent COVID-19 makes some people roll their eyes . But the scientific uses of the cannabis plant do not surprise those of us who 've worked in this industry for many years . And the scientific community appears to be gathering data supporting the notion that cannabis may be beneficial in preventing COVID-19 . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell falls within the category of people who classify cannabis as therapeutic , if not preventative , for COVID-19 . In fact , on August 10 , 2020 , Sen. McConnell and House Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi did what modern day politicians do -- engage in less-than-informed Twitter wars . This came against the backdrop of Congress attempting to find a consensus on its second round of federal Coronavirus relief . This too has become a hyper-politicized issue as one would imagine in these hyper-partisan times . The Democrats want to reintroduce tenets of the failed Secure and Fair Enforcement -LRB- SAFE -RRB- Banking Act into the newest round of Coronavirus legislation -- under the guise that it 's related to cannabis as a COVID-19 therapy . According to the bill , '' -LSB- t -RSB- he purpose ... is to increase public safety by ensuring access to financial services to cannabis-related legitimate businesses and service providers and reducing the amount of cash at such businesses . '' The SAFE Banking Act is filled with hopeful possibilities . Simply put , the U.S. needs the SAFE Banking Act , the global cannabis industry needs the SAFE Banking Act , and our post-COVID economy needs the SAFE Banking Act . Without banks , state-compliant cannabis businesses ca n't accept credit cards , acquire loans , set up deposit accounts , write checks , run payroll or pay taxes . All this currently enables money-laundering , presents a safety hazard , and prohibits the U.S. from keeping pace with nearly all of its neighbors in the Western Hemisphere in the new commercial global cannabis economy . The cannabis industry remains unbanked - for six years now - and the government is at fault . Nearly a decade ago , I worked on banking legislation in Colorado aimed at ensuring the cannabis industry had access to at least deposit institutions and the federal payment system , i.e. , credit card merchant processing . Because of worried bankers , these efforts failed . I can not overstate how critical it is for us to understand the national picture in this regard , as our law firm represents the largest banking providers to the U.S. cannabis industry . We 've also worked with various international governments in an effort to solve international banking issues . Even though there 's been tremendous progress , banking the cannabis industry remains a very large and restricting problem -- even for 100 % federally-legal industrial hemp businesses . In the uncertain times we find ourselves living through , it 's never been more apparent that we need government to recognize the economic value of the cannabis industry . The SAFE Banking Act is the first step . It provides that federal regulators shall not interfere in the actions of a depository institution dealing with state-legal cannabis businesses . It protects financial institutions that choose to do business with cannabis companies in legal states and provides clarity so that federal regulators can not interfere with or punish financial institutions for working with legitimate cannabis-related businesses . This legislation intends to address the gap between a cannabis company 's legal standing in particular states and the current federal prohibition of marijuana sales and usage , as it relates to banking . There are obvious problems in restricting banking access to legal cannabis companies , which causes them to work with a tremendous amount of cash . As the legal landscape currently stands , everybody is at risk . For banks , working with legal cannabis companies either raises severe compliance regulations or makes them vulnerable to federal punishment . While cannabis companies struggle to obtain the loans necessary to grow their businesses or launch new ones . After reaching a dead-end in the Senate last December , the SAFE Banking Act remained stagnant for several months -- until Democrats added it to the first round of the Coronavirus relief package . Now it 's returned and its passage is crucial because marijuana 's classification as a Schedule I drug under federal law leaves most financial institutions reticent to open bank accounts for cannabis businesses . Prominent trade groups , such as the Credit Union National Association , the American Bankers Association , the Independent Community Bankers of America , and the National Association of State Treasurers are all proponents of the SAFE Banking Act . Republicans , on the other hand , are either wary or unsupportive . The inability to reach an agreement in Congress on the latest pandemic relief package caused President Trump to issue executive orders , which included : a temporary extension of unemployment benefits , a freeze on evictions , and deferrals of payroll taxes and federal student loans . The SAFE Banking Act would further ensure that it will be easier to track revenues for taxation and regulatory compliance purposes , as well as providing the proper backing of large scale capital from across the nation . Make no mistake , the cannabis industry is here to stay and continues to grow exponentially . It 's now global in scope , with dozens of nations embracing lawful commercial cannabis . I do not anticipate that our federal government will legalize marijuana anytime soon and I 'm not even sure that 's necessary . To the extent that it is , the SAFE Banking Act solves this conflict by expressly allowing for cannabis companies to bank cannabis revenues . Further , it allows the industry to become exposed to other banking services which to date have been unavailable -- lending , lines of credit , and other investment-related tools . More importantly , it can open the door for large-scale institutional banks to evaluate the process for underwriting and servicing publicly-traded cannabis companies on the NASDAQ and NYSE . Cannabis industry infrastructure is extremely costly . Because of the cost of compliance and the implications of tax code 280e , margins are slim . Public market cash would have a tremendous impact . With it , Canadian markets have been able to channel billions of dollars into the commercial cannabis marketplace over the past several years -- in a country roughly the size of California and with no true industry infrastructure . Imagine what the U.S. market could do if the floodgates were opened . Not to mention that the absence of federal legislation protecting banks doing business with cannabis companies is adversely affecting other companies and industries as well . While the Canadian-funded marketplace has outkicked its coverage , it remains a powerful example of what this industry can be with institutionalized capital backing . The opening of the NASDAQ and the NYSE to cannabis companies would necessarily flow from this first step . Even if the SAFE Banking Act becomes law , the full integration between the cannabis industry and the banking industry will take years . We need to start now to keep up with the progressive steps being taken in the European Union , Brazil , Mexico , Israel , and Canada . Opening the American banking system will ensure lawful jobs and allow these `` essential '' businesses to compete in this emerging international industry . At the heart of all this is that the U.S. needs to be a central figure in the global cannabis marketplace . A failure to seize this opportunity , based on spite or the inability to truly grasp the opportunity before us , will be deleterious to our economy . We can not let that happen -- again .", "url": "https://www.forbes.com/sites/roberthoban/2020/08/18/the-cannabis-industry-needs-banking-now/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9993434548377991}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.9993434548377991}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03672581663042033, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZ2vOy", "stitle": "Former Mansfield priest charged in sex trafficking case", "seg_title_stem": "former Mansfield priest charge in sex trafficking case", "seg_content": "FINDLAY - A former priest in Mansfield is charged with sex trafficking minors , according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation . Fr . Michael Zacharias , formerly of St. Peter 's Parish in Mansfield , also faces charges of coercion and enticement and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud , or coercion , the FBI said in a news release on Tuesday . Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . Following the news of the arrest , Bishop Daniel Thomas of the Diocese of Toledo placed Zacharias on administrative leave . Support local journalism . Subscribe to the News Messenger today to access all of our content online at offers.thenews-messenger . com . `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests . The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness , '' Thomas said in a statement . `` As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' While on administrative leave , Zacharias remains an ordained priest but can not exercise public priestly ministry , administer any of the sacraments , wear clerical attire or present himself as a priest . Administrative leave is a precautionary measure while an allegation is being investigated , the diocese said . In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from Pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , and Dean of the Saint Philomena Deanery to pastor in Findlay . Zacharias was appointed pastor in Fremont of Saint Ann 's and Saint Joseph 's in April 2011 and began celebrating Mass in July . Prior to coming to Fremont , Zacharias served as priest in at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and also in Van Wert . I offer a prayer of thanksgiving for St. Ann 's , St Joseph 's & BHCS in Fremont . I thank you with all my heart . Until we meet again ... -- Fr . Mike Zacharias -LRB- @fathermikez -RRB- July 1 , 2017 According to a Facebook post by St. Michael The Archangel Parish , Zacharias was ordained a priest in 2002 . As Zacharias readied for his move to Findlay , he sent a tweet on July 1 , 2017 : `` I offer a prayer of thanksgiving for St. Ann 's , St Joseph 's & BHCS in Fremont . I thank you with all my heart . Until we meet again ... '' A complaint filed with the FBI accuses Zacharias of engaging in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . The FBI is encouraging anyone who may have been `` groomed '' for future sexual purposes by Zacharias or were sexually assaulted by Zacharias to call the Cleveland field office at 216-622-6842 . The release noted that the complaint is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt . The investigation remains ongoing . cshoup@gannett.com 419-334-1035 Twitter : @CraigShoupNH", "url": "https://www.portclintonnewsherald.com/story/news/crime/2020/08/18/former-fremont-priest-arrested-charged-sex-trafficking-case/3390661001/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000097751617432}, "second_cat": {"Society_Religion": 1.0000097751617432, "Society_Advocacy": 0.7455989718437195}, "third_cat": {"Society_Advocacy_Other": 0.7455989718437195}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011708763403079955, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZDM1h", "stitle": "Dallas Mavericks ' Luka Doncic 's playoff debut joins all-time greats Joe Montana , Babe Ruth and Megatron with historic starts", "seg_title_stem": "Dallas Mavericks ' Luka Doncic 's playoff debut join all-time great Joe Montana , Babe Ruth and Megatron with historic start", "seg_content": "When you can join names like Babe Ruth , Joe Montana and Calvin Johnson , you 're doing some things . Dallas Mavericks star Luka Doncicmade his first appearance in the NBA playoffs with a record 42 pointsin a 118-110 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers . Doncic also scored the second-most points for a 21-year-old in a playoff game . His performance is tied with Hall of Famers Magic Johnson and Tracy McGrady and behind only LeBron James . But Doncic 's exploits are n't limited to just the NBA . In fact , his company when compared to other pro sports is equally elite . Here are some other amazing playoff debuts : Babe Ruth , Boston Red Sox When : 1916 World Series What he did : While Ruth had one at-bat in the 1915 World Series , he made his postseason pitching debut in the 1916 series against the Brooklyn Robins . Starting Game 2 , in a season he went 23-12 with a 1.75 ERA , Ruth pitched a 14-inning , complete game while allowing just one run in a 2-1 win . It 's still the longest postseason , complete-game victory in baseball history . Joe Montana , San Francisco 49ers When : 1981 NFC divisional round What he did : In January 1982 , the 49ers ' quarterback faced the New York Giants and rookie linebacker Lawrence Taylor . Montana shredded the Giants , completing 20 of 31 passes for 304 yards and two touchdowns . This was part of an epic playoff run for Montana . The following game -- the NFC Championship Game -- Montana found tight end Dwight Clark for `` The Catch '' to beat the Dallas Cowboys and advance to the Super Bowl . Montana was then the MVP of Super Bowl XVI , a 26-21 win over the Cincinnati Bengals . Calvin Johnson , Detroit Lions When : 2011 wild-card playoff round What he did : In a 45-28 loss to the New Orleans Saints , Megatron went off . Johnson caught 12 passes for 211 yards and two touchdowns . Both of those are franchise playoff records . It is also the NFL record for most receiving yards in a playoff debut . However , Johnson would play in only one more playoff game . We 'll have to wait and see how Doncic 's career will rate .", "url": "https://abc7news.com/sports/dallas-mavericks-luka-doncics-playoff-debut-joins-all-time-greats-joe-montana-babe-ruth-and-megatron-with-historic-starts/6376067/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06138519245962751, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZPmLx", "stitle": "Marijuana Vending Machines are Now In Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "Marijuana Vending machine be now in Colorado", "seg_content": "In the new era of social distancing , Colorado has just introduced the first-ever marijuana vending machines . The vending machine , called Anna , is making its debut at the Strawberry Fields dispensary in Pueblo , and will soon be arriving at a different dispensary , Starbuds in Aurora , Colorado . The machines will be located inside the dispensary , so customers will still have to go through the process of checking in , showing their ID , and waiting their turn to make their purchase . However , the machines will eliminate the need to talk to the budtender , if in fact , the customer knows exactly what they want . These new vending machines will dispense marijuana in what 's known as ` flower , ' which is basically the smokable marijuana bud , as well as edibles and vape oils . The founder of these machines , Matt Frost , was inspired by the long waits to purchase marijuana from dispensaries in his native Massachusetts . He had this to say about his new invention : There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand-holding and want that education from a live person . With COVID-19 and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . Frost is also planning on implementing his Anna vending machines in non-dispensary locations to dispense CBD products , which are legal to sell in places like convenience stores . -LSB- Canon City Daily Record -RSB-", "url": "https://mix1043fm.com/marijuana-vending-machines-are-now-in-colorado/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017981353082248373, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZRDaE", "stitle": "Four Men Arrested in Oxford with Loaded Gun , Marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "four men arrest in Oxford with Loaded Gun , Marijuana", "seg_content": "OXFORD -- Oxford Police arrested four men at a skate park behind the Oxford Community Center on Maple Rd. on Monday , August 17 . Several pounds of marijuana , cash and an illegally possessed , loaded handgun were seized , according to Oxford Police . There were several children playing in the area when the arrests were made at around 3 PM . Three of the men are from Worcester : Wellington Vasquez , 20 , Cashane Brown , 21 , and Danh Nguyen , 21 . The fourth man , Ali Ali , 23 , of Springfield , was also arrested . All four are expected to face charges related to the incident . Follow us on The016.com , the social network for Worcester and you ! Tom is the VP of Business Operations for TWIW as well as a journalist . He was a history student at Worcester State University and has many years experience technical recruiting , marketing and a long time entrepreneur .", "url": "https://thisweekinworcester.com/four-arrested-oxford-loaded-gun-marijuana/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 0.9419199228286743, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6876860857009888}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6876860857009888, "JobsEducation_Education": 0.9419199228286743}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_College": 0.9419199228286743}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.021533581303445175, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZRGEP", "stitle": "DOJ : Kingsland Naval officer sentenced to over 5 years of federal prison after child sex-trafficking bust", "seg_title_stem": "DOJ : Kingsland Naval officer sentence to over 5 year of federal prison after child sex-trafficking bust", "seg_content": "KINGSLAND , Ga. -- A Naval officer stationed in Kingsland , Georgia was sentenced to more than five years in federal prison Tuesday after he pled guilty to child sex trafficking charges , according to the U.S. Department of Justice . Charles Barreras , 49 , was a lieutenant commander stationed at Submarine Kings Bay . He and eight other men were indicted in July 2019 as a result of a child sex-sting called Operation Do You Know Your Neighbor . `` As predators attempt to use cyberspace to contact children for evil intentions , our law enforcement partners will remain vigilant in identifying and stopping pedophiles like Barreras , '' said U.S. Attorney Bobby Christine in a news release Tuesday . `` Any adult who intends to contact children for illicit purposes should live in fear that their crimes will be uncovered -- and like Barreras , they will go to prison . '' The sting was set up by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service -LRB- NCIS -RRB- and the Georgia Bereau of Investigation 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force . Investigators said the men were accused of having sexual intentions with a child and making contact online . `` This sentence demonstrates that no matter who you are , even a ranking official in the armed forces , you will be held accountable for preying on children , '' said GBI Director Vic Reynolds . According to our news partners , the Florida Times-Union , Barerras was initially charged with trafficking of a person for labor servitude , and possession of a firearm during the commission of a crime . Barreras pled guilty to attempted coercion and enticement , said Christine . He was sentenced to 62 months in federal prison . Once released , he will have to register as a sex offender and serve 10 years of supervised release .", "url": "https://www.firstcoastnews.com/article/news/crime/kingsland-naval-officer-sentenced-to-over-5-years-of-federal-prison-after-bust-in-child-sex-trafficking-sting/77-47c3cf25-7e3e-4919-900c-38f038916ecf", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.24541639119407593, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZUOBa", "stitle": "Naked Winery Takes Innuendo To A New Level", "seg_title_stem": "naked Winery take Innuendo to a New Level", "seg_content": "Naked Winery and Sick N Twisted Brewery in Hill City , SD truly live up to their names . If your mind is always in the gutter , then this is the place for you . When I visited with some friends , we stayed primarily on the Naked Winery side . All the wines have names that are double entendre . For example , of the two wine tastings I did , my favorite wine was called Sure Thing . As in , after I drink this bottle of wine , I 'm a sure thing . Anyway , the employees there were super fun and made the wine tasting enjoyable . However , they suggested which wines we tried instead of letting us see a list and then picking what we wanted . I do n't mind a couple of suggestions , but picking all of them for me was kind of a bummer . Also , they welcomed walk-ins for the wine tastings , but because they did that , the employees jumped back and forth between parties . Then again , I think our server lost count and we got an extra wine to taste , so maybe it did work out in our favor . But the best part of Naked Winery was the puppy muffin , Oliver ! Oliver was the most chill dog . You could tell he was used to being in the winery because he was not bothered by people at all . But , like most dogs , if you had food , he would come sniffing around . We ordered the giant pretzel to share , which was delicious , and Oliver hung around the whole time we were eating it . At the very end , I gave him the last bite and he just left it on the floor ! So ungrateful !", "url": "https://hot1047.com/naked-winery-takes-innuendo-to-a-new-level/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09222984463485065, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex life': 1}, 'nostrict': {'latex': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'sex life': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZkCf2", "stitle": "Saweetie Opens Up About Her Quarantine Sex Life With Quavo", "seg_title_stem": "Saweetie open up about she quarantine sex Life with Quavo", "seg_content": "Saweetie has been quarantining with her beau Qauvo of the hip-hop trio Migos , and she 's been loving it . The Icy Girl recently did an interview with Page Six where she opened up about her quarantine sex life with her boyfriend . `` I was not nervous about being in quarantine and seeing Quavo because safe sex is great sex so you got to use that latex , '' Saweetie told Page Six . `` I have a lot of goals for myself and , if we 're being honest , my parents had me at a young age , so my grandparents raised me . I never really had that relationship with my mom and my dad . So whenever I have a kid , I want to make sure I have time for them , and right now I do n't . '' However , the `` Tap In '' rapper said that she does want to have children later on . `` I do want to have babies one day . I want to have a boy first so they can watch over the girls , '' Saweetie said . `` All of my big cousins and my uncles were always watching over me . I was protected . '' `` They taught me a lot about self-worth , self-value , how to carry myself , '' she continued . `` Guys would be scared to talk to me because of all my uncles and cousins it was not going down . '' Saweetie is currently readying her new forthcoming album Pretty B -- - Music . Saweetie & Quavo LOS ANGELES , CALIFORNIA - APRIL 10 : Saweetie and Quavo attend the boohooMAN x Quavo Launch Party at The Sunset Room on April 10 , 2019 in Los Angeles , California . -LRB- Photo by Vivien Killilea/Getty Images for boohooMAN -RRB- LAS VEGAS , NV - MAY 01 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo attend the 2019 Billboard Music Awards at MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 1 , 2019 in Las Vegas , Nevada . -LRB- Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for dcp -RRB- LAS VEGAS , NEVADA - MAY 01 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo of Migos attend the 2019 Billboard Music Awards at MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 01 , 2019 in Las Vegas , Nevada . -LRB- Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images -RRB- LAS VEGAS , NEVADA - MAY 01 : -LRB- EDITORS NOTE : Image has been converted to black and white -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo arrive at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards at MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 01 , 2019 in Las Vegas , Nevada . -LRB- Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for dcp -RRB- EAST RUTHERFORD , NEW JERSEY - JUNE 02 : Saweetie , and Quavo of Migos perform at Summer Jam 2019 at MetLife Stadium on June 02 , 2019 in East Rutherford , New Jersey . -LRB- Photo by Nicholas Hunt/Getty Images -RRB- LOS ANGELES , CALIFORNIA - JUNE 23 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo seen in the audience at the 2019 BET Awards at Microsoft Theater on June 23 , 2019 in Los Angeles , California . -LRB- Photo by Paras Griffin/Getty Images -RRB- ATLANTA , GEORGIA - OCTOBER 05 : Saweetie and Quavo attend the BET Hip Hop Awards 2019 at Cobb Energy Center on October 05 , 2019 in Atlanta , Georgia . -LRB- Photo by Bennett Raglin/Getty Images for BET -RRB- WEST HOLLYWOOD , CALIFORNIA - DECEMBER 05 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo attend the 2019 GQ Men of the Year at The West Hollywood Edition on December 05 , 2019 in West Hollywood , California . -LRB- Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images -RRB- WEST HOLLYWOOD , CALIFORNIA - DECEMBER 05 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo attend the 2019 GQ Men of the Year celebration at The West Hollywood EDITION on December 05 , 2019 in West Hollywood , California . -LRB- Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for GQ Men of the Year 2019 -RRB- BEVERLY HILLS , CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 25 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo attend the Pre-GRAMMY Gala and GRAMMY Salute to Industry Icons Honoring Sean `` Diddy '' Combs on January 25 , 2020 in Beverly Hills , California . -LRB- Photo by Jon Kopaloff/Getty Images -RRB- LOS ANGELES , CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 26 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Quavo of Migos and Saweetie attend the 62nd Annual GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on January 26 , 2020 in Los Angeles , California . -LRB- Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images -RRB- Glennisha Morgan is a Detroit-bred multimedia journalist and writer . She writes about intersectionality , hip-hop , pop culture , queer issues , race , feminism , and her truth . Follow her on Twitter @GlennishaMorgan .", "url": "https://1051thebounce.com/2020/08/18/saweetie-opens-up-about-her-quarantine-sex-life-with-quavo-2/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9995440244674683}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9995440244674683}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01393761250008609, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZnqQ7", "stitle": "Navy officer in Coastal Georgia sent to prison following child sex trafficking investigation", "seg_title_stem": "Navy officer in Coastal Georgia send to prison follow child sex trafficking investigation", "seg_content": "Above video : Your morning headlines A Navy officer stationed in Coastal Georgia will spend the next several years in federal prison after pleading guilty to attempted coercion and enticement of a minor . Charles Barreras , 49 , of Kingsland was sentenced to more than 5 years in prison after being arrested as part of a child sex trafficking investigation . Following his prison term , he will be required to serve 10 years of supervised release and to register as a sex offender . There is no parole in the federal system . Barreras is a lieutenant commander in the Navy , stationed at Submarine Base Kings Bay . He and eight other men were indicted in July 2019 as a result of Operation Do You Know Your Neighbor , coordinated by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force . The sting was set up by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and the GBI 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force for the purpose of identifying adults who were seeking out children for indecent purposes . Other agencies participating in the investigation included the Camden County Sheriff 's Office , the Kingsland Police Department , the Effingham County Sheriff 's Office and the Savannah Police Department .", "url": "https://www.wjcl.com/article/navy-officer-in-coastal-georgia-sent-to-prison-following-child-sex-trafficking-investigation/33635455", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02824572204070857, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZpVRC", "stitle": "2 Best Cannabis Stocks to Buy in August", "seg_title_stem": "2 best cannabis stock to buy in August", "seg_content": "If you were wondering : No , the marijuana industry has n't lost its allure . Although the Horizons Marijuana Life Sciences ETF fell 36 % in the past year , some pot stocks have reported impressive sales . With national elections on the horizon and marijuana legalization initiatives on the ballot in few U.S. states , investors are optimistic about the industry 's room to grow . Medical cannabis is already legal across Canada , in 33 U.S. states , and the District of Columbia . The market should expand even more as marijuana-related therapies offer patients benefits that conventional therapies have failed to provide . Investors are rightfully hesitant to bet on U.S. pot stocks . Because marijuana is still illegal at the federal level in the U.S. , Canadian companies tend to be the safer choice for curious stock pickers . But a few domestic companies , like Green Thumb Industries -LRB- OTC : GTBI.F -RRB- and Curaleaf -LRB- OTC : CURL.F -RRB- , have outperformed their counterparts to the north this year . While Aurora Cannabis and Canopy Growth have fallen by 60 % and 20 % this year , respectively , Green Thumb and Curaleaf have gained 57 % and 42 % . The market , tracked by the SPDR S&P 500 ETF , has gained about 5 % . Let 's dive deeper into these two U.S. cannabis stocks . Green Thumb is a rising star Illinois-based Green Thumb Industries owns two retail cannabis stores , Rise and Essence . The company manufactures and distributes a variety of popular medical and recreational cannabis products through these storefronts under brand names like Dogwalkers , Dr. Solomon 's , and Rythm . Green Thumb 's second-quarter results , ending June 30 , show the serious strides it made in sales this year . Revenue grew by 167 % to $ 119.6 million from the year-ago period , and sales sprung up by 16.6 % from the first quarter alone . Its positive adjusted-EBITDA -LRB- earnings before interest , tax , depreciation , and amortization -RRB- of $ 35.4 million is higher than its EBITDA of $ 2.3 million in the year-ago quarter . Management attributed the increase to strong demand for cannabis , which they say `` continues to behave like a consumer staple . '' Green Thumb categorizes its revenue stream into consumer packaged goods and retail businesses . An increase in transactions at retail businesses were the primary driver of its second-quarter results . Sales growth for the quarter exceeded 75 % in its base of 16 stores . Rise , Essence , 3C , Bluepoint , and FP Wellness offer access to guidance from professional cannabis pharmacists in addition to packaged products . The consumer packaged business includes the various cannabis-related products such as edibles , vape pens , cannabis strains and flowers , CBD -LRB- cannabidiol -RRB- skincare products , and pre-rolls . Sales of these consumer packaged goods were up 21.6 % from the previous quarter . The company has opened six retail stores this year , bringing its storefront total to 48 in 12 U.S. states . It has a strong footing in its home state of Illinois , where it opened its eighth store at the end of May . Since Illinois legalized recreational cannabis in January , in-state sales have skyrocketed . Green Thumb brought in $ 39.2 million in January , which jumped to $ 47.6 million in June and a record-breaking $ 61 million in July . Green Thumb also opened two new medical cannabis stores in Pennsylvania , Rise Chambersburg and Rise Duncansville . It is shifting resources toward popular tourist destinations too , including Las Vegas , opening its fifth retail store there in June . Green Thumb has licenses to open six more stores in Nevada . Overall , Green Thumb currently holds licenses for 96 retail locations . Like many cannabis companies , Green Thumb has historically used debt to finance its operations . However , the company continues to improve its liquidity position . Green Thumb ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $ 82.9 million , up from $ 46 million in Dec. 2019 , with total debts at approximately $ 92 million . The company 's cash pile will be used to build out its retail infrastructure , act on long-term expansion goals , and reduce its reliance on debt-financing . Curaleaf is getting stronger Curaleaf is a vertically integrated multi-state cannabis company that manufactures and supplies medical and recreational products . Vertical integration has allowed the company to mitigate costs and regulatory risks across its entire supply chain . A new series of aggressive acquisitions over the past 7 months are also part of its strategy to remain a leader in the rapidly evolving U.S. cannabis market . In the second quarter , which ended June 30 , Curaleaf 's total revenue grew to $ 117.5 million , a 142 % year-over-year increase . Revenue also jumped 16 % from $ 96.4 million in Q1 2020 . Adjusted EBITDA grew to $ 28 million , which is a notable year-over-year switch from Q2 2019 , when the company saw EBITDA of $ 4.4 million . The company 's strong second-quarter results can be attributed to its presence in 23 states , where it operates 87 dispensaries , 22 cultivation sites , and 30 processing sites . Curaleaf acquired a cannabis oil brand called Select for $ 948.8 million from Cura Partners in February . The acquisition of Select , organic revenue growth , and new store openings in 3 states contributed to a 112 % increase in retail revenue from the year-prior to $ 66.3 million in Q2 . The Select brand aided an increase in wholesale revenue to $ 33.3 million , a remarkable 422 % increase from the year-ago period . Post Q2 , its line of Select products is available in 12 states . Curaleaf has made major efforts to establish footholds in key states , including Florida and New Jersey . The company is now offering its sublingual cannabis tablets exclusively in Florida , where the first-to-market oil alternative is available at 28 operating dispensaries . The company also acquired assets of Curaleaf NJ in July , for which Curaleaf provided management services before the buyout . Curaleaf NJ was a non-profit corporation with one of only six original marijuana licenses in the state . The acquisition is evidence that Curaleaf is hopeful for a state ballot vote on adult use of cannabis in the near future . Another strategic acquisition was of Grassroots , which will also allow Curaleaf to spread its operations and cultivation potential . Before the deal , Grassroots was the largest private vertically-integrated operator in the U.S. . In addition to gaining 135 dispensary licenses and 88 operational dispensary locations in the agreement , Curaleaf obtained 30 processing facilities and 22 cultivation sites . The $ 875 million deal increased cultivation capacity by a staggering 1.6 million square feet . If the U.S. legalizes marijuana at the federal level , Curaleaf 's increased capacity will position it to meet national and international demand . Management feels confident in its 2020 performance so far . Curaleaf had $ 122.8 million in cash and $ 283.3 million of outstanding debt as of June 30 , and Curaleaf 's organic initiatives and new acquisitions should lead to revenue growth in the third quarter and second half of 2020 . Forget the popular names The medical cannabis industry is poised for serious expansion over the next five years . The legal cannabis market could grow by 230 % worldwide , exploding from $ 9.5 billion in 2017 to $ 31.3 billion in 2022 , according to research by ArcView Market Research and BDS Analytics . Medical cannabis in the U.S. could comprise more than 33 % of that increase . Green Thumb and Curaleaf already have a strong presence in the medical marijuana space and are ready to capitalize on a market with incredible potential . For more evidence , look at their year-to-date performance . Aurora and Canopy have been investor favorites since Canada legalized recreational cannabis in 2018 . The two had already made a name for themselves in the medical cannabis space and were well-positioned to capture the recreational market . But supply issues in Canada and rising black market sales , among other factors , have hindered growth plans and dragged on these two stocks . Canadian pot stocks are slowly recovering this year , but there are still questions around if and when a full recovery will happen . Meanwhile , Green Thumb and Curaleaf have very clear strategies for the future . The COVID-19 pandemic has n't seriously dented their expansion plans , and they have secure balance sheets and enough cash to expand their footprints in the states . If marijuana is legalized at the federal level , the growth prospects are huge for these two strong cannabis stocks .", "url": "https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/08/18/2-best-cannabis-stocks-to-buy-in-august/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09222984463485065, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex life': 1}, 'nostrict': {'latex': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'sex life': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZptQW", "stitle": "Saweetie Opens Up About Her Quarantine Sex Life With Quavo", "seg_title_stem": "Saweetie open up about she quarantine sex Life with Quavo", "seg_content": "Saweetie has been quarantining with her beau Qauvo of the hip-hop trio Migos , and she 's been loving it . The Icy Girl recently did an interview with Page Six where she opened up about her quarantine sex life with her boyfriend . `` I was not nervous about being in quarantine and seeing Quavo because safe sex is great sex so you got to use that latex , '' Saweetie told Page Six . `` I have a lot of goals for myself and , if we 're being honest , my parents had me at a young age , so my grandparents raised me . I never really had that relationship with my mom and my dad . So whenever I have a kid , I want to make sure I have time for them , and right now I do n't . '' However , the `` Tap In '' rapper said that she does want to have children later on . `` I do want to have babies one day . I want to have a boy first so they can watch over the girls , '' Saweetie said . `` All of my big cousins and my uncles were always watching over me . I was protected . '' `` They taught me a lot about self-worth , self-value , how to carry myself , '' she continued . `` Guys would be scared to talk to me because of all my uncles and cousins it was not going down . '' Saweetie is currently readying her new forthcoming album Pretty B -- - Music . Saweetie & Quavo LOS ANGELES , CALIFORNIA - APRIL 10 : Saweetie and Quavo attend the boohooMAN x Quavo Launch Party at The Sunset Room on April 10 , 2019 in Los Angeles , California . -LRB- Photo by Vivien Killilea/Getty Images for boohooMAN -RRB- LAS VEGAS , NV - MAY 01 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo attend the 2019 Billboard Music Awards at MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 1 , 2019 in Las Vegas , Nevada . -LRB- Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for dcp -RRB- LAS VEGAS , NEVADA - MAY 01 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo of Migos attend the 2019 Billboard Music Awards at MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 01 , 2019 in Las Vegas , Nevada . -LRB- Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images -RRB- LAS VEGAS , NEVADA - MAY 01 : -LRB- EDITORS NOTE : Image has been converted to black and white -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo arrive at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards at MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 01 , 2019 in Las Vegas , Nevada . -LRB- Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for dcp -RRB- EAST RUTHERFORD , NEW JERSEY - JUNE 02 : Saweetie , and Quavo of Migos perform at Summer Jam 2019 at MetLife Stadium on June 02 , 2019 in East Rutherford , New Jersey . -LRB- Photo by Nicholas Hunt/Getty Images -RRB- LOS ANGELES , CALIFORNIA - JUNE 23 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo seen in the audience at the 2019 BET Awards at Microsoft Theater on June 23 , 2019 in Los Angeles , California . -LRB- Photo by Paras Griffin/Getty Images -RRB- ATLANTA , GEORGIA - OCTOBER 05 : Saweetie and Quavo attend the BET Hip Hop Awards 2019 at Cobb Energy Center on October 05 , 2019 in Atlanta , Georgia . -LRB- Photo by Bennett Raglin/Getty Images for BET -RRB- WEST HOLLYWOOD , CALIFORNIA - DECEMBER 05 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo attend the 2019 GQ Men of the Year at The West Hollywood Edition on December 05 , 2019 in West Hollywood , California . -LRB- Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images -RRB- WEST HOLLYWOOD , CALIFORNIA - DECEMBER 05 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo attend the 2019 GQ Men of the Year celebration at The West Hollywood EDITION on December 05 , 2019 in West Hollywood , California . -LRB- Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for GQ Men of the Year 2019 -RRB- BEVERLY HILLS , CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 25 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Saweetie and Quavo attend the Pre-GRAMMY Gala and GRAMMY Salute to Industry Icons Honoring Sean `` Diddy '' Combs on January 25 , 2020 in Beverly Hills , California . -LRB- Photo by Jon Kopaloff/Getty Images -RRB- LOS ANGELES , CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 26 : -LRB- L-R -RRB- Quavo of Migos and Saweetie attend the 62nd Annual GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on January 26 , 2020 in Los Angeles , California . -LRB- Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images -RRB- Glennisha Morgan is a Detroit-bred multimedia journalist and writer . She writes about intersectionality , hip-hop , pop culture , queer issues , race , feminism , and her truth . Follow her on Twitter @GlennishaMorgan .", "url": "https://hot969boston.com/2020/08/18/saweetie-opens-up-about-her-quarantine-sex-life-with-quavo-2/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9995440244674683}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9995440244674683}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008552238524046926, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZttHg", "stitle": "What a start : Luka Doncic joins all-timers like Joe Montana and Babe Ruth with historic playoff debuts", "seg_title_stem": "what a start : Luka Doncic join all-timer like Joe Montana and Babe Ruth with historic playoff debut", "seg_content": "Share this on Twitter Share this on Facebook Flip into Flipboard Share this on Reddit Share via Email Welcome to the playoffs Luka Doncic . His record-setting debut joins some all-time greats and hall of famers who burst onto the playoff scene with amazing performances . More San Francisco 49ers News Joe Montana says Jimmy Garoppolo played ` pretty well ' in Super Bowl , 49ers QB will be better without brace By David Bonilla Aug 12 , 2020 San Francisco 49ers legend Joe Montana joined Good Morning Football on Wednesday morning and was asked about the current quarterback on his former team , Jimmy Garoppolo . He was explicitly asked about his thoughts on Garoppolo 's performance in Super Bowl LIV against the Kansas City Chiefs . Garoppolo , of course , has shouldered much of the blame this offseason for the 49ers fourth-quarter collapse and ultimate defeat in that February matchup . A missed opportunity on a deep throw to Emmanuel Sanders fueled that criticism . That performance came after one of the more impressive seasons by a 49ers quarterback in franchise history . `` I actually 49ers ' Jimmy and George Are the New Joe and Dwight By Gilbert Brink Aug 17 , 2020 The game of football is about chemistry . Without chemistry , a roster full of talented players becomes a collection of individual parts working independently towards uncommon goals . Quite frankly , it 's a recipe for failure . Today , the 49ers are one of the most revered franchises in American sports . This was n't always the case . Prior to the arrival of a young QB from Notre Dame in 1979 , the 49ers could n't lay claim to any national glory . Established in 1946 , the San Francisco 49ers were an also-ran for the majority of their existence . From 1946-1980 the 49ers only appeared in the NFL playoffs 4 times . It 's hard to imagine this franchise being that irrelevant . Many current fans painfully recall the dark years of the early aughts , remembering that horrendous 9-year drought ` It 's like hitting a wall ' : Daniel Brunskill , Ben Garland discuss 49ers rookie Javon Kinlaw By David Bonilla Aug 17 , 2020 Rookie defensive tackle Javon Kinlaw continues to impress his new San Francisco 49ers teammates . Offensive lineman Daniel Brunskill is the latest to rave about the team 's massive and powerful newcomer . `` He 's a very big guy , '' Brunskill told reporters on Monday via a video conference call . `` He 's a lot harder to move . I just know there 's a few times where I 've gone against him in -LSB- pass protection -RSB- so far , and it 's like hitting a wall . He 's a massive guy , a massive human , and he 's going to be a hell of a player for us . '' Minutes earlier , another 49ers offensive lineman , Ben Garland , sat down in front of reporters -- virtually -- and discussed Kinlaw . He , however , did n't focus his praise on the impressive rookie 's on-field presence , but rather what he has", "url": "https://www.49erswebzone.com/news/138817-start-doncic-joins-all-timers-montana-historic-playoff-debuts/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.31228514370396676, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgZvzVc", "stitle": "Findlay Church Pastor Arrested on Sex Charges", "seg_title_stem": "Findlay Church Pastor arrest on sex charge", "seg_content": "The pastor of St. Michael the Archangel Parish in Findlay was arrested this morning on sex releated charges . WFIN Radio reported that the FBI arrested Father Michael Zacharius at his residence near the church . He has been charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . The 53 year old Zacharias is alleged to have been engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990 's . Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn issued a release stating , `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias . These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' The FBI is encouraging anyone with information about Zacharias ' conduct to call the FBI at 216-622-6842 . The Findlay Police Department has no information to believe that St. Michael 's School or its students are involved in Zacharias ' FBI complaint . If you , or someone you know , has been the victim of sex crimes , contact the Findlay Police Department at 419-424-7150 .", "url": "https://wktn.com/findlay-church-pastor-arrested-on-sex-charges", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7550874029669337, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wga5SsV", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Revealed She Got Her Breast Implants Removed After Suffering Minor Health Complications", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale Revealed she get she breast implant remove after suffer Minor Health complication", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale opened up on Instagram about getting her breast implants removed . Ashley got her implants removed after experiencing minor health complications , including food and gut sensitivity . Ashley Tisdale is finally making her foray into the world of health and wellness blogging , which , yay ! For the launch of her new blog , Frenshe , Ashley used her first post to get real personal with her fans and shared that she recently decided to have her breast implants removed . On Instagram , Ashley said she got breast implants because she was dissatisfied with her body and was convinced it would give her a confidence boost . Sadly , after having the implants for a while , she began to experience minor health concerns and believed the implants were to blame . Thankfully , Ashley was able to get them removed with an explant surgery and is living her best , healthiest life now ! Read Ashley 's full post below : `` Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . ❤ Love you all ! '' This content is imported from Instagram . You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site . View this post on Instagram Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . ❤ Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 8:02 am PDT Starr Bowenbank Editorial Assistant Starr Bowenbank is the editorial assistant who writes about all things pertaining to news , pop culture , and entertainment -- you can follow her here . This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses . You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io This commenting section is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page . You may be able to find more information on their web site .", "url": "https://www.cosmopolitan.com/entertainment/celebs/a33634721/ashley-tisdale-breast-implants-removed-health-complications/?utm_medium=social-media&utm_campaign=socialflowFBRBK&utm_source=facebook", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.999976634979248}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.999976634979248}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009396317609522684, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wga6nQf", "stitle": "2 Cannabis Products You Can Buy To Support The Last Prisoner Project : BLM Flower Blend And A Pipe", "seg_title_stem": "2 Cannabis Products you can buy to support the last Prisoner Project : BLM Flower Blend and a Pipe", "seg_content": "Popular pre-rolls brand Lady Jays has joined forces with several Oregon cannabis companies in releasing a special edition `` BLM Blend '' to support brown and black communities . Featuring flower from Indoor Orchards , 100 % of the proceeds will be donated to the Last Prisoner Project , a coalition of cannabis industry leaders , executives and artists dedicated to bringing restorative justice to the cannabis industry . `` The cannabis community has really stepped up , and we are both humbled and grateful for partners like Lady Jays who support our mission to help those negatively and disproportionately affected by the criminalization of cannabis , '' says Last Prisoner Project managing director Mary Bailey . The Lady Jays special edition pre-roll packs are available at Farma , Eden , Serra and Electric Lettuce in Portland , and Rogue Valley Cannabis in Southern Oregon . The Lady Jays team will be promoting the `` BLM Blend '' and curating a series of vendor days at participating dispensaries August 17-23 . Each company involved will be donating their share of the sales . `` Due to the current state of the country , the need for change , and the unfairness of profiting from an industry that has been built on the backs of people of color , we 've chosen The Last Prisoner Project as the ideal organization to benefit from this collaboration , '' says Lady Jays co-founder Jade Daniels . Lady Jays , a female-owned company emphasizing inclusivity and individuality , is called to do our part in standing up to racial and social injustices . The Last Prisoner Project is a cannabis and criminal justice reform team fighting to free every last prisoner incarcerated for cannabis by focusing on three key criminal justice reform initiatives : prisoner release , record clearing through clemency and expungement , and re-entry programs . The GRAV Spoon Also supporting the Last Prisoner Project is GRAV , a handcrafted glass smoking accessories maker , which released a limited edition , co-branded spoon to benefit LPP . 100 % of the proceeds will be used to fight for restorative justice . Courtesy images .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17139378/2-cannabis-products-you-can-buy-to-support-the-last-prisoner-project-blm-flower-blend-and-a-pipe", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.24541639119407593, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgaCS69", "stitle": "Naked Winery Takes Innuendo To A New Level", "seg_title_stem": "naked Winery take Innuendo to a New Level", "seg_content": "Naked Winery and Sick N Twisted Brewery in Hill City , SD truly live up to their names . If your mind is always in the gutter , then this is the place for you . When I visited with some friends , we stayed primarily on the Naked Winery side . All the wines have names that are double entendre . For example , of the two wine tastings I did , my favorite wine was called Sure Thing . As in , after I drink this bottle of wine , I 'm a sure thing . Anyway , the employees there were super fun and made the wine tasting enjoyable . However , they suggested which wines we tried instead of letting us see a list and then picking what we wanted . I do n't mind a couple of suggestions , but picking all of them for me was kind of a bummer . Also , they welcomed walk-ins for the wine tastings , but because they did that , the employees jumped back and forth between parties . Then again , I think our server lost count and we got an extra wine to taste , so maybe it did work out in our favor . But the best part of Naked Winery was the puppy muffin , Oliver ! Oliver was the most chill dog . You could tell he was used to being in the winery because he was not bothered by people at all . But , like most dogs , if you had food , he would come sniffing around . We ordered the giant pretzel to share , which was delicious , and Oliver hung around the whole time we were eating it . At the very end , I gave him the last bite and he just left it on the floor ! So ungrateful !", "url": "https://kikn.com/naked-winery-takes-innuendo-to-a-new-level/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.019490002273235874, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgaExC8", "stitle": "Sex Offender Arrested Following Probation Visit", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender arrest follow Probation Visit", "seg_content": "Two Macon County men were arrested on August 4 , 2020 , following a state probation visit for convicted sex offender Travis Buckley . According to local authorities , the Macon County Sheriffs Department was asked to assist in the visit after state probation officers arrived at Buckley 's home , located at 949 King Hill Road , and could not get him to answer the door . Sergeant Aaron Shipley and Deputy Josh Meador arrived at the residence and found Mr. Buckley 's vehicle parked outside with the driver 's side door open and a large amount of cash and Xanax pills laid out on the seat . Detective Shane Gregory was then called to the scene . Upon his arrival , officers had already made entry into the home after a woman inside , later identified as Destiny Zeilman , opened the door for them . Inside the home were Mr. Buckley , Ms. Zeilman , 44-year-old Charles Shaffer , and a 1-year-old child . A search of the residence led to the discovery of a lock box containing approximately two grams of a crystallized substance believed to be methamphetamine , digital scales and baggies . Stolen property , including various power tools , was also found in the home . At that time , Detective Gregory was notified by Buckley 's state probation officer , Staci Willey , that he was a sex offender and was not to have any children at his residence . The child 's mother , Ms. Zeilman , told authorities she and her child had been staying at Buckley 's house for three to four days . The Department of Childrens Services was called to the scene . Numerous rifle shells were also found throughout the home , which was a violation of Buckley 's probation . Mr. Buckley was placed under arrest and charged with manufacturing of narcotics , possession of a schedule II drug , possession of drug paraphernalia , possession of a schedule IV drug , manufacture of narcotics , unlawful possession of a weapon and violation of offender registration forms . His bond was set at $ 24,000 . Mr. Swaffer was charged with manufacture of narcotics , possession of a schedule II drug , possession of drug paraphernalia and criminal trespassing for being on the premisses without permission from the property owner . His bond was set at $ 11,000 . Both men are scheduled to appear in general sessions court on Sept. 9 & Oct. 7 , 2020 . Additional charges are pending . Macon County Sheriff Mark Gammons would like to thank all of the officers involved in this case for their hard work .", "url": "http://www.maconcountychronicle.com/news/6093-sex-offender-arrested-following-probation-visit", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000077486038208}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000077486038208}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.18513875745984512, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgaSvvk", "stitle": "Sex offender charged with mugging , choking 2 elderly Queens women", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender charge with mugging , choke 2 elderly Queens woman", "seg_content": "A sex offender who spent eight years in prison for rape has been arrested for choking two elderly women during a pair of harrowing Queens muggings , officials said Tuesday . Richard Smalls is facing two counts of robbery , strangulation and burglary for allegedly targeting the two victims inside their apartment buildings . Smalls , 58 , is charged with throttling a 72-year-old woman getting her mail in the lobby of her building near 64th Ave. and 98th St. in Rego Park on July 28 . Smalls demanded the woman 's valuables and ran off after taking cash and about $ 500 worth of jewelry from her , according to to cops . She was taken to Long Island Jewish Forest Hills hospital with bruises . On Aug. 9 , he struck again , according to police , choking 79-year-old Rego Park senior Maria Salazar in the lobby of her building as she returned from picking up some milk from a store . -LSB- More New York -RSB- Police release bodycam footage of NYPD shooting in East Village that left man paralyzed '' `` She looked at him -- she knew he was suspicious , '' Salazar 's shaken daughter Valentina Henao , 47 , told the Daily News shortly after the attack . `` So when the elevator came she opened the door and she went inside the elevator . The elevator closed so she thought she would just come upstairs -- but he opened the elevator , went inside and grabbed her from the neck and pushed her . '' Smalls said nothing as he choked Salazar for about eight seconds , bruising her neck , then ran off with packages left on the lobby floor . He left behind some packages after opening them , providing potential fingerprint clues , Henao said . `` My biggest fear is that he 'll come back and do something , '' Henao said . `` I told -LSB- my mother -RSB- not to go out after 5 o'clock . '' -LSB- More New York -RSB- One woman stabbed dead , another in custody after fight in Washington Heights apartment '' Smalls lives in a homeless shelter in Sunset Park , Brooklyn , according to cops . He is a registered sex offender who did eight years in prison after being convicted of rape and sodomy in 1981 , officials said . He was paroled in 1989 but found himself behind bars again in 2003 after he was arrested for breaking into a Rego Park woman 's home and forcing her to perform a sex act . He was convicted of sodomy and burglary and was released in March 2014 , court records indicate . His parole ended last year , officials said . Smalls was arrested Sunday for the two muggings and was ordered held without bail during a brief arraignment in Queens Criminal Court . He 's due back in court Friday .", "url": "https://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/ny-sex-offender-arrested-choking-elderly-queens-20200818-tnwjettthzbxpo4wrba3t2omum-story.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.33948252731560136, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgaaqIb", "stitle": "Rebel Wilson Looks Stunning as She Flaunts Her Slimmer Figure in a Gorgeous Yellow Dress", "seg_title_stem": "rebel Wilson look stunning as she flaunt she slimmer figure in a gorgeous yellow Dress", "seg_content": "Over the weekend , Australian actress Rebel Wilson showed off her incredible weight loss in a snap uploaded on her Instagram . She wore a beautiful plunging yellow dress . Rebel Wilson got held back at home in Australia over the last few months due to travel restrictions enforced by authorities to mitigate the spread of the highly contagious COVID-19 . The talented actress put the extended lockdown to good use as she dedicatedly hit the gym daily , which is in line with her fitness goals for this year . Since returning to the United States as the lockdown is gradually eased , Wilson , 40 , has been posting receipts from her stunning weight loss journey . The `` Pitch Perfect '' star recently took to her Instagram page to share a refreshingly hot picture . In the photo , Wilson wore a plunging bright yellow dress with a limited amount of makeup . She wrote in the caption : `` Hottest day of the year x Hair & photo : @robertvetica Make-Up : @makeupmatthew Dress : @waynecooperclothing . '' View this post on Instagram LAST ONE LAUGHING -LRB- LOL -RRB- Australia is now out on Amazon Prime Video globally from today - features 10 of Australia 's funniest comedians competing NOT to laugh in my secret-experiment-comedy-bunker ... would you be able not to laugh under such pressure ?? Check it out this weekend and let me know what you guys think -LRB- ps rated MA 15 + cause it 's a ` no rules ' competition so NOT a show for kids -RRB- x @lastonelaughingaus A post shared by Rebel Wilson -LRB- @rebelwilson -RRB- on Jun 18 , 2020 at 3:43 pm PDT The plunging neckline exposed her cleavage , and the matching thick yellow belt helped the comedienne draw attention to her slimmer waist . Wilson took her `` Year of Health '' journey up another notch with some rigorous workout sessions . View this post on Instagram Hottest day of the year x Hair & photo : @robertvetica Make-Up : @makeupmatthew Dress : @waynecooperclothing A post shared by Rebel Wilson -LRB- @rebelwilson -RRB- on Aug 15 , 2020 at 4:59 pm PDT Since Wilson Kicked off her `` year of health '' in January , the actress has dropped an incredible 18kg -LRB- 40lbs or 2.8 stone -RRB- . Her weight loss journey has been boosted by her strict diet and rigorous workout routine . In May , the `` Cats '' star opened up about her weight loss goal . Wilson claimed that she intends to drop down to at least 165lbs before the end of the year . View this post on Instagram A post shared by Rebel Wilson -LRB- @rebelwilson -RRB- on Jul 25 , 2020 at 2:35 pm PDT The actress further revealed that she hopes to get one of her movies into production by the end of the year . Despite the challenges posed by the novel coronavirus pandemic , Wilson has been defiant in achieving her goals . She has also had a few words of inspiration to share with her followers along the way . The iconic actress urged her fans to never stop making progress and even `` crawl '' towards their goals if they have to . View this post on Instagram Fight club ! With Jessie & @amycastano #Legends A post shared by Rebel Wilson -LRB- @rebelwilson -RRB- on Jul 15 , 2020 at 8:12 pm PDT Over the last few years , Wilson has been on a remarkable fitness and weight loss journey . In recent months her fitness program has become more intense with the 40-year-old Aussie chronicling the experience on social media . In July , Wilson took her `` Year of Health '' journey up another notch with some rigorous workout sessions . The actress gave her followers a glimpse of her routine in a thrilling video uploaded on Instagram . View this post on Instagram A little piano , a spot of tennis ... what more could a girl ask for ? A post shared by Rebel Wilson -LRB- @rebelwilson -RRB- on Jan 30 , 2020 at 10:26 am PST In the clip , Wilson summons all her powers as she repeatedly flips a massive tire . Under the constant motivation of her trainer , the blonde beauty successfully moves the tire from one end of the outdoor space to another . Despite the enormity of the task ahead and the huge sacrifice involved , Wilson seems to be having so much fun with the exercise and is currently reaping the benefits of her efforts with her fabulous new look .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/223732-rebel-wilson-looks-stunning-she-flaunts.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9879769682884216}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9879769682884216}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02012876829931834, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgaaviE", "stitle": "Mass Pardons For Past Marijuana Crimes Offer Hope For Thousands", "seg_title_stem": "mass Pardons for Past Marijuana Crimes offer Hope for thousand", "seg_content": "From the Colorado Newsline : Back in 2006 -- six years before Colorado voters legalized possession of up to 1 ounce of marijuana for recreational use -- Colorado Springs Police Department officers arrested then-19-year-old Michael Diaz-Rivera for what he says was less than 1 ounce of marijuana , a misdemeanor . But the marijuana was in two separate bags , Diaz-Rivera said , giving prosecutors the ability to charge him for possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , then a class 4 felony . To avoid going to trial for distribution , he pled guilty to a lesser charge : possession of more than 8 ounces of marijuana , a class 5 felony at the time . What Diaz-Rivera did n't know was that felony would haunt him for years after wealthy entrepreneurs began raking in piles of cash for recreational marijuana sales . `` I have literally watched people get rich off the industry , and I 've been basically left out of it , '' he said . Diaz-Rivera has begun the lengthy process of trying to get his criminal record sealed from public view . But he might also benefit from new legislation aimed at improving the lives of people with stories like his . A provision included in House Bill 20-1424 allows the Colorado governor to issue mass pardons for people convicted of possessing up to 2 ounces of marijuana -- a move that would be unprecedented in state history . Though thousands of Coloradans could be eligible , it 's unclear exactly how much the new law will achieve on its own as far as helping those with prior offenses receive fair consideration for jobs , housing and loans . With a felony on his record , Diaz-Rivera found it challenging to get financial aid to attend college at Metro State University and almost impossible to find an apartment when he moved to Denver to get his degree . After graduation , he was accepted and later turned down for a dream role working as a paraprofessional -- even after , he said , a college mentor met with school administration and vouched for his character . `` Thinking that I was going to get into education and having that door shut in my face , freshly out of college , was definitely frustrating , '' Diaz-Rivera said . Eventually , he was accepted into an alternative teaching licensure program , he said , enabling him to land his current job teaching fifth grade at John H. Amesse Elementary School in Denver . And his felony did n't turn up on a background check when he recently moved to a new home with his wife and 1-year-old daughter . Diaz-Rivera said he finished paying off the more than $ 2,500 in fines and fees associated with his felony charge from 2006 about a year ago . Meanwhile , he 's watched people who potentially had also smoked marijuana as teens -- but never got caught -- capitalize on selling bud to residents and tourists across the state . The new law , he hopes , will eventually allow him to benefit from an industry that left him in the dust . HB-1424 allows people who face economic barriers to starting their own marijuana business to receive a `` social equity license '' similar to accelerator programs for startups in the tech industry . Under that accelerator license , entrepreneurs could grow their business `` under the tutelage of those with years of experience in the marijuana industry , '' the bill 's Democratic Senate sponsor , Sen. Julie Gonzales of Denver , explained at a Senate Finance Committee hearing June 12 . `` Those companies would then also be eligible for financial assistance programs ... or for the waiving of licensing fees through the Marijuana Enforcement Division . '' HB-1424 was aimed at helping people of color -- who are disproportionately incarcerated for drug crimes and vastly under-represented among cannabis business owners -- enter the industry by establishing ways economically disadvantaged people and those with past marijuana offenses could qualify for an accelerator license . In the end , it went a step further . Sponsored by Rep. James Coleman , a Democrat from Denver , the bill also passed with an ultra-last-minute amendment that included the pardon provision . Gov. Jared Polis can begin issuing pardons Sept. 27 , or 90 days after he signed the bill into law . Polis expressed at the bill signing on June 29 that he plans to take advantage of the provision . But the bill is short on details of how that will happen , and the governor 's spokesperson tells Newsline his office is still figuring it out . The process will certainly be complicated , and it 's unclear exactly how much it will benefit people like Diaz-Rivera -- who even with a pardon would have charges show up on their records -- but he remains hopeful . `` We actually definitely want him to be one of the first people that get pardoned , '' said Sarah Woodson , a consultant for The Color of Cannabis , an organization that helps people of color enter the cannabis industry . `` Being negatively impacted , he still really pulled himself out of that situation and made good for himself , '' Woodson said of Diaz-Rivera . Dismantling inequity In the 10 years prior to legalization of recreational marijuana sales in 2014 , Colorado Division of Criminal Justice records show more than 16,000 guilty findings for possession of up to 2 ounces of marijuana . Tristan Gorman , legislative policy coordinator for the Colorado Criminal Defense Bar , said it 's common for people to plead guilty to crimes they did n't necessarily commit in order to `` take advantage of reduced charges or a reduced sentence , or both . '' As a result , that data possibly excludes a wide swath of people like Diaz-Rivera , who may have been caught with less than 2 ounces of weed but pleaded guilty to something different . The data on race and ethnicity are collected inconsistently by local law enforcement -- making it difficult to discern white Hispanic people from non-Hispanic white people -- but they clearly show a disproportionate number of Black people were convicted for the crime . `` I have seen that some law enforcement agencies mark Hispanic people as white because -LRB- the choices are -RRB- essentially , white , black or not , so I think that that could really skew the data on whether you called them Hispanic , you called them Latinos , you classify them as white , '' Gorman said . `` You really have to check with the courts and law enforcement agencies in every single county in Colorado in order to unwind that data . '' Meanwhile , the data showed 6.88 % of findings for possession of up to 2 ounces of weed from 2004 through 2013 involved Black defendants , who represented just 4.6 % of the state 's population in 2010 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . A 2018 Division of Criminal Justice report that did not break down charges in detail found that the arrest rate for Black people on marijuana-related charges -LRB- 233 per 100,000 -RRB- was nearly double that for white people -LRB- 118 per 100,000 -RRB- in 2017 . The same report found that white people were less likely to experience an on & dash ; view arrest than Hispanic or Black people . On-view arrests , which occur when someone is taken into custody without a warrant or a previous incident report , are classified separately from those involving a warrant where someone is taken into custody ; and those where a citation and court summons are issued , but no one is taken into custody . Out of all arrests of white people for marijuana-related crimes in 2017 , 18 % were on-view arrests . On-view arrests made up 25 % of arrests involving Hispanic people and 39 % of arrests involving Black people . Meanwhile , in 76 % of arrests involving white people , 55 % of arrests involving Black people and 67 % of those involving Hispanic people , the suspect was issued a court summons and citation instead of being taken into custody . Those inequities stand in stark relief next to 2018 data from the Marijuana Enforcement Division showing white people held 79 % of manager licenses , compared with a little over 3 % for black people and 11 % for Hispanic/Latino people . -LRB- The data is based on the licensees who included their race and ethnicity on applications in 2018 -- about a quarter of people did not . -RRB- White people held 88 % of owner licenses , while Black people held slightly over 2 % and Hispanic/Latino people held 5 % . According to population estimates for 2019 from the Census Bureau , 67.7 % of Colorado 's population is white and non-Hispanic , 4.6 % is Black and 21.8 % is Hispanic or Latino . Black people were slightly overrepresented among marijuana business employees . They held 6 % of support licenses , while Hispanic people held just 15 % and white people held 70 % . A last-second amendment `` Social equity , racial equity , needs to be a cornerstone lens that we view the world from , '' said Rep. Jonathan Singer , a Democrat from Longmont whose term at the Legislature ends after this year . Before Amendment 64 passed in 2012 , legalizing recreational marijuana in Colorado , Singer was one of just two state lawmakers who supported legalization . A social worker who had no intentions of being a leader on cannabis when he ran for office in 2011 , Singer became known as a trailblazer for the industry , working to increase access to medical and recreational marijuana through a variety of legislation . `` I was a social worker before I was a lawmaker , and my goal was never to create a new successful industry anywhere , '' Singer said . `` It was to fight for social justice . '' At the outset , a key priority for Singer 's final year in the Legislature was to pass an expansive bill that would have created a way to automatically expunge the records for certain crimes , including those for marijuana that would have been moot had they been committed after decriminalization . Then , COVID-19 hit . Because the expungement bill would have required funding for a database system , it was never introduced in the Legislature due to the budget shortfall . He now regrets that the laws and regulations legalizing retail marijuana did n't include forgiving people for past drug-related crimes . `` I like to tell people that up until a couple of years ago , Colorado I would say was a leader in our legalization and regulation efforts , '' Singer said , pointing to Illinois ' plan for mass expungement as superior . `` I hope that other states look at Colorado and say , ` Well , we 're going to do better than Colorado , because when we legalize this , we 're going to level the playing field by day one , ' '' he said . Singer hated knowing that the cannabis industry he helped create still excluded the people who -- as Polis would later joke at HB-1424 's signing -- were punished for being `` a little bit ahead of their time . '' `` I honestly was n't sure how I was going to be able to live with myself , '' if he was n't able to pass something akin to expungement before leaving the Legislature , Singer said . Then , he saw Coleman 's social equity license bill moving through the Legislature in its final days , and inspiration struck . With the help of consulting firm VS Strategies , Singer crafted an amendment that would allow Polis to issue a mass-pardon . Rep. Jonathan Singer introduced an amendment to House Bill 1424 . Singer joked that was the only week he ever met his step goal , carving out 10,000 steps in a single day as he trekked between the House and Senate chambers trying to drum up approval for his plan . The amendment was finally approved with the stipulation that the governor could seek relevant input from law enforcement and prosecutors before automatically issuing pardons . If Polis does indeed issue a pardon for thousands of people at once , the move would be entirely unprecedented in Colorado history . Former Gov. John Hickenlooper , a Democrat , granted just 156 pardons and a handful of sentence commutations during his eight years in office , according to the Restoration of Rights Project . His predecessor , Democratic Gov. Bill Ritter , granted just three pardons until his final two weeks in office , when he issued 39 pardons -LRB- one posthumously -RRB- and 10 commutations . Pardon can only go so far Singer acknowledges that the mass-pardon amendment was just a preliminary step . While a pardon theoretically might help lessen the `` collateral consequences '' associated with a conviction -- such as barriers to employment and housing -- it wo n't keep charges from showing up on any background check . Only expungement can do that . `` Employers and landlords are certainly more likely to ignore a conviction if they know an applicant has received a pardon , '' Courtney Barnes , an associate attorney at Denver-based law firm Vicente Sederberg , said via email . `` However ... a pardon does not automatically seal a criminal record , so in practicality , his or her criminal record would still likely be accessible to an employer or landlord and could be considered in decision-making by either of the aforementioned parties . '' Barnes also said people convicted of cannabis-related crimes that are now `` constitutionally protected as a result of the passage of Amendment 64 '' may be able to apply to have their convictions vacated , criminal records sealed , or both . Advocates for equity are trying to let more people know about those alternate options . The Color of Cannabis will hold the first of several regular , ongoing record-sealing clinics on Aug. 22 with support from Vicente Sederberg along with marijuana dispensaries Lightshade , Native Roots and Terrapin Care Station , Woodson said . The events will help people determine whether they 're eligible for record sealing , obtain documents , and file motions and requests with courts and law enforcement agencies . In the meantime , Singer hopes that his amendment will at least draw attention to the issue of equity in the justice system and marijuana industry , making people ask , `` Why are we creating this roundabout way of doing things ? '' In doing so , he thinks that people will be more willing to create an automatic expungement process through future legislation . `` By expanding the governor 's authority to pardon convictions for low-level cannabis offenses , the Legislature took another step toward fixing the damage caused by decades of cannabis prohibition , '' Jordan Wellington , a partner at VS Strategies , Vicente Sederberg 's consulting affiliate , wrote in an email . `` We hope it will provide some relief to the many individuals whose lives have been encumbered by the collateral consequences associated with a cannabis conviction . '' Wellington added that stakeholders were `` confident the governor 's office will carry out a thorough process to determine who is potentially eligible for a pardon , and we expect it to apply this new authority thoughtfully and in the manner it was intended by the Legislature . '' As of Aug. 6 , the governor 's office was `` still reviewing the process and possibilities , '' spokesperson Conor Cahill said in an email . `` There are thousands of Coloradans who could be subject to the new law , and we are doing everything in our power to ensure that , once we set the process up , it is comprehensive and runs smoothly , '' he added . `` That takes time . '' For his part , Diaz-Rivera plans to continue pursuing record sealing and a pardon from the governor , if and when that path opens to him . He also hopes to benefit from the social equity license program and is researching opportunities for starting a marijuana grow , creating cannabis-infused products or starting a marijuana delivery venture , he said . But his plans do n't end there . `` I feel like my felony does n't affect me as much as in the past , so what I 'm really hoping to do in the near future is find those people who actively , their life is being oppressed by these unjust laws , '' Diaz-Rivera said . `` It does n't affect me as much , so I 'm just recognizing my privilege and wanting to help others . '' Democracy functions only when people have access to reliable information about government and society . Colorado Newsline 's mission is to be a trusted source of such information . Newsline is nonprofit , nonpartisan and independent , and it provides fair and accurate reporting on politics , policy and other stories of interest to Colorado readers", "url": "https://patch.com/colorado/across-co/mass-pardons-past-marijuana-crimes-offer-hope-thousands", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.5464088916778564}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.5464088916778564}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.14593572932423604, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgasVJg", "stitle": "Five Things for Tuesday , including Ryan Reynolds ' gin and an e-commerce cannabis company", "seg_title_stem": "five thing for Tuesday , include Ryan Reynolds ' gin and a e-commerce cannabis company", "seg_content": "Good morning . It 's Tuesday . Here are Five Things to know . Free Wheeler We know the Painted Hills are awesome , but do Wheeler County a favor and maybe not visit for now . The sparsely populated county has the enviable distinction of not having any reported cases of Covid-19 among its 1,441 residents . And it plans to stay that way . Soaring Aviation It does n't hurt to have a famous face attached to your brand , and the popularity Portland-based Aviation American Gin has taken off since its purchase by Canadian actor Ryan Reynolds . Giant British alcohol conglomerate Diageo announced Monday it plans to purchase the distiller and other brands belonging its ownership group . Reynolds will retain an ownership interest in the Aviation label . Dutchie rolls up round Another rising Oregon brand is enjoying interest from some famous names . Bend-based e-commerce cannabis company closed a $ 35 million round and added backers including former Starbucks chief Howard Schultz and noted weed connoisseur Snoop Dogg , through his VC firm . Studio 's cuts Hillsboro animation studio Laika is cutting its staff out of concern over coronavirus . The company said it will lay off at least 50 workers to reduce the numbers of people potentially exposed to the virus in the close quarters of studio work . Laika , which won a Golden Globe this year , said it hopes the cuts are temporary . Legal jam If it says `` just fruit '' that means just fruit . We 're looking at you , calcium citrate and pectin . That 's the reasoning , anyway , of a Portland plaintiff who has filed a class action lawsuit against Kroger Co. , parent of Fred Meyer , over its Just Fruit brand of jam , which she claims is more than just fruit .", "url": "https://www.bizjournals.com/portland/news/2020/08/18/five-things-for-tuesday.html?ana=newsbreak", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.999496579170227}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 0.999496579170227}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.023615691435587515, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgb4fRG", "stitle": "Trevor Thomas obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Trevor Thomas obituary", "seg_content": "My friend Trevor Thomas , who has died aged 85 , was a historian who specialised in east-central Europe , particularly the Habsburg monarchy . Yet this description barely scratches the surface of his knowledge . Isaiah Berlin described academics as either hedgehogs or foxes . A hedgehog knows much about one thing , while a fox knows a little about many things . Trevor was a wise and agile fox who knew much about many things . Born in Birkenhead , the only son of a GP and a district nurse , Trevor was educated at Birkenhead school before going on to do a degree in history at Cambridge . His national service in the RAF accidentally proved to be a turning point , for he was taught Czech and Slovak in order to listen to the broadcasts of the Czechoslovakian air force . This prompted a fascination with Central European history , and so when he left the RAF in 1958 he started -LRB- though never finished -RRB- a PhD at the School of Slavonic and East European Studies -LRB- SSEES , now part of University College London -RRB- and joined the staff there as a lecturer in 1965 . As a result he was in Czechoslovakia during the Prague Spring of 1968 , and when the Russian tanks rolled in he left quickly , forced to leave behind friends and a girlfriend . He remained as a lecturer at SSEES until 1989 . Trevor was a kind , generous colleague to fellow workers at SSEES and provided especially invaluable help for those beginning their careers . Conversations with him would invariably produce a flurry of ideas , reading suggestions and discussion points , and then when you next met him he would say : `` I have something you might find interesting , '' followed by the production of reams of photocopies , copiously annotated with insightful comments . In retirement Trevor was a fixture at parties and lectures , and would come down from his home in Kilburn , north London , to meet regularly in the evening with friends and former work colleagues at pubs near to the SSEES in Bloomsbury . He could be rambunctious and boisterous in company -- his whispered asides were often heard across the room -- but he was also a shy , private , and modest person who disliked talking about himself .", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/education/2020/aug/18/trevor-thomas-obituary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 0.8583557605743408}, "second_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education": 0.8583557605743408}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_Other": 0.8583557605743408}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02774751662410865, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgb5WPO", "stitle": "Camden County man Charles Barreras snared in child sex-trafficking sting sentenced", "seg_title_stem": "Camden County man Charles Barreras snare in child sex-trafficking sting sentence", "seg_content": "Camden County man Charles Barreras snared in child sex-trafficking sting sentenced to federal prison -LRB- STL.News -RRB- -- A Camden County man snagged in a child sex-trafficking sting will spend more than five years in federal prison . Charles Barreras , 49 , of Kingsland , Ga. , was sentenced to 62 months in federal prison by U.S. District Court Judge Lisa Godbey Wood after pleading guilty to Attempted Coercion and Enticement , said Bobby L. Christine , U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Georgia . After completion of his prison term , Barreras will be required to serve 10 years of supervised release and to register as a sex offender . There is no parole in the federal system . `` As predators attempt to use cyberspace to contact children for evil intentions , our law enforcement partners will remain vigilant in identifying and stopping pedophiles like Barreras , '' said U.S. Attorney Christine . `` Any adult who intends to contact children for illicit purposes should live in fear that their crimes will be uncovered -- and like Barreras , they will go to prison . '' Barreras is a lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy , stationed at Submarine Base Kings Bay in Kingsland . He and eight other men were indicted in July 2019 as a result of Operation Do You Know Your Neighbor , coordinated by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force . Three of the remaining defendants in the operation have been sentenced to federal prison , while others await sentencing after entering guilty pleas , or are awaiting trial . `` The sentences that continue to be handed down as a result of this successful multiagency operation should serve as a stern warning for sexual predators who target children where Department of the Navy personnel live and work , '' said NCIS Southeast Field Office Special Agent in Charge Tom Cannizzo . `` NCIS and our state and local partners are dedicated to working together to keep our communities safe for children . '' `` This sentence demonstrates that no matter who you are , even a ranking official in the armed forces , you will be held accountable for preying on children , '' said GBI Director Vic Reynolds . `` We value our law enforcement partnerships to be able to work together in these type operations to catch the criminals who seek to harm one of our most vulnerable populations . '' The sting was set up by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and the GBI 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force for the purpose of identifying adults who were seeking out children for indecent purposes . Other agencies participating in the investigation included the Camden County Sheriff 's Office , the Kingsland Police Department , the Effingham County Sheriff 's Office and the Savannah Police Department .", "url": "https://www.stl.news/camden-county-man-charles-barreras-snared-in-child-sex-trafficking-sting-sentenced/344022/amp/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03169752895076647, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgbDhLw", "stitle": "Former St. Peter 's priest charged in federal sex abuse case", "seg_title_stem": "former St. Peter 's priest charge in federal sex abuse case", "seg_content": "FINDLAY -- A former Roman Catholic priest at Mansfield St. Peter 's Church was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo after his arrest in Findlay on Tuesday morning . Bishop Daniel E. Thomas placed Rev. Michael Zacharias , 53 , a priest of the Diocese of Toledo and pastor of St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , on administrative leave after he was reportedly arrested by FBI agents on charges of sex trafficking , coercion and enticement . According to a story in the Toledo Blade , FBI Special Agent in Charge Eric Smith said Zacharias is believed to have been grooming and engaging in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . He said there are two victims in the criminal complaint , but authorities believe there are more . Rectory records show Zacharias served as a priest at Mansfield St. Peter 's from July 2002 until July 2007 , according to Rev. Gregory Hite , the current pastor of the church . The Blade reported the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force took the priest into custody after a 7 a.m. Mass at St. Michael Parish , a service which was posted on the parish Facebook page . Smith conducted a televised press conference after the arrest , offering insights into the case . `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent , but often times vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect again there are other victims in this community and others where Father Michael Zacharias has served , '' Smith said . The FBI agent said information related to the case against Zacharias came as a result of an unrelated investigation . He said Zacharias served in multiple parishes around northwest Ohio . `` Based on our investigation , individuals were targeted and groomed over a long period of time for continued gratification , '' Smith said . The Toledo newspaper said Zacharias faces charges of coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud , or coercion . He is slated for a first appearance in U.S. District Court in Toledo on Tuesday afternoon , The Blade reported . Smith encouraged anyone who has had unwanted sexual contact with the priest to contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . In its announcement , the Diocese said its action was taken immediately upon receiving word of the arrest . The Toledo Diocese has been informed of the `` grave and reprehensible charges of a sexual nature , with minors and adults , '' and is cooperating fully with law enforcement , it said in an email . In the email , Thomas expressed his revulsion at the charges , saying , `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests . The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' Zacharias was ordained a priest in 2002 and these are the first such allegations to be raised against him , the diocese said . Zacharias can not exercise public priestly ministry , administer any of the Sacraments , wear clerical attire or present himself as a priest . Administrative leave is a precautionary measure while an allegation is being investigated . Any allegation of sexual abuse of a minor by a priest , deacon , staff member or volunteer affiliated with the Diocese of Toledo should first be reported to local law enforcement where the abuse is alleged to have occurred , the diocese said . To report any allegation regarding this case , please first contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . Please also report any such allegation to the Diocesan Victim Assistance Coordinator at 419-214-4880 , the diocese said . Support Our Journalism Do you want to know the who , what , where , why and how in local news ? Become a Source member to support the most diverse coverage of our region .", "url": "https://www.richlandsource.com/news/former-st-peters-priest-charged-in-federal-sex-abuse-case/article_95f0407a-e169-11ea-a79b-7fb5c8f3e8d9.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9998937845230103}, "second_cat": {"Society_Religion": 0.9998937845230103}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.19684923602950247, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgbNr9E", "stitle": "Why Flats the Flounder Wanted To Kick SpongeBob SquarePants ' Butt", "seg_title_stem": "why Flats the Flounder want to kick SpongeBob SquarePants ' butt", "seg_content": "SpongeBob SquarePants has come across with all types of characters , including bullies that wanted to harm him for no apparent reason , as was the case of Flats the Flounder -- but he might have had a very good reason to want to kick his butt . Created by marine science educator and animator Stephen Hillenburg , SpongeBob SquarePants first aired on Nickelodeon in May 1999 after the Kid 's Choice Awards , and made its official debut in July of that same year . The series was very well received by critics and audiences , and while its quality has decreased in recent years , it has lived on for 12 seasons and shows no signs of stopping soon . Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view . SpongeBob SquarePants follows the daily adventures of the title character -- a sea sponge that actually looks like a kitchen sponge -- and his friends in the underwater city of Bikini Bottom . Though SpongeBob is always cheerful and does no harm to anyone -LRB- not intentionally , at least -RRB- , he has gained a couple of enemies , of which some have wanted to harm him , often unbeknownst to him . However , there was one character who was very direct and honest when it came to his desire to kick SpongeBob 's butt : Flats the Flounder . Flats the Flounder was the antagonist of season 3 's episode `` The Bully '' , where he joined SpongeBob 's class at Mrs. Puff 's Boating School . SpongeBob introduced himself as friendly as he always is , but Flats replied to his good gesture with the announcement that he was going to kick his butt . Flats pursued SpongeBob , who found no way out of the situation nor anyone who could help him -LRB- Patrick turned out to be Flats ' friend and his father was afraid of him -RRB- , so he ended up accepting the punches -- but to his and Flats ' surprise , his body absorbed the punches and he was unharmed . Flats never gave a reason to kick SpongeBob 's butt , so it 's assumed that he wanted to do it simply because he 's a bully and SpongeBob was the first person he met in class , thus making him a target , but when looking back at Flats ' first appearance in the series , there might have been a real , valid reason for him to want to hurt SpongeBob . Flats ' debut in SpongeBob SquarePants was in season 1 's episode `` Sandy 's Rocket '' , where SpongeBob and Patrick stole Sandy 's rocket ship and believed they landed on the moon , but they were back in Bikini Bottom . SpongeBob and Patrick began catching everyone with Sandy 's net guns as they believed they were aliens , and one of SpongeBob 's victims was none other than Flats . He briefly appeared when he opened a mirror in his bathroom and SpongeBob was there , waiting to capture him . As it was just a cameo role with no dialogue , it 's easy to forget that Flats appeared in the series before the `` Bully '' episode , and so his reason for wanting to kick SpongeBob 's butt could have been because he wanted revenge for being captured . Of course , this does n't justify Flats ' bully behavior -- as mentioned above , he bullied his own father , too -- but at least it answers the question of why he went after SpongeBob and was so perseverant on his mission of kicking his butt . In the end , everything turned out well for SpongeBob and his spongy nature saved him from being beaten , but he surely did n't even remember that he captured him during his mission to the `` moon '' . Next : How SpongeBob SquarePants Movie Almost Ended The Show About The Author Adrienne Tyler is a features writer for Screen Rant . She is an Audiovisual Communication graduate that wanted to be a filmmaker , but life had other plans -LRB- and it turned out great -RRB- . Prior to Screen Rant , she wrote for Pop Wrapped , 4 Your Excitement -LRB- 4YE -RRB- , and D20Crit , where she was also a regular guest at Netfreaks podcast . She was also a contributor for FanSided 's BamSmackPow and 1428 Elm . Adrienne is very into films and she enjoys a bit of everything : from superhero films , to heartbreaking dramas , to low-budget horror films . Every time she manages to commit to a TV show without getting bored , an angel gets its wings . When she 's not writing , you can find her trying to learn a new language , watching hockey -LRB- go Avs ! ... But also Caps and Leafs -RRB- , or wondering what life would have been like had Pushing Daisies , Firefly , and Limitless not been cancelled . Breakfast food is life and coffee is what makes the world go round . Guillermo del Toro said `` hi '' to her once . It was great . `` Vänligheten är ett språk som de döva kan höra och de blinda kan se '' .", "url": "https://screenrant.com/spongebob-squarepants-flats-flounder-bully-reason/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9999723434448242}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 0.9999723434448242}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 0.9999723434448242}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.005481190556773856, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgbQQpk", "stitle": "City votes in favor of local marijuana ordinance", "seg_title_stem": "City vote in favor of local marijuana ordinance", "seg_content": "SAULT STE. MARIE -- The Sault city commission recently voted in favor of two motions regarding the consideration of Ordinance 600-20 , which details establishment of marijuana facilities . At a city commission meeting on Monday , Aug. 3 , a public comment period was given in regards to this particular ordinance , which includes both recreational and medical marijuana facilities . Shawn Atto , a Sault resident , expressed his concern for provisioning centers on the business spur in close proximity to one another given the amount of hotels and tourist spots in that particular area . A provisioning center is defined as a dispensary where marijuana is sold to registered medical cannabis patients or primary caregivers . Atto also expressed his dislike about the distance that will be required from the provisioning center to properties owned by Lake Superior State University and houses of worship , which will be 500 feet and 250 feet respectively . He believes the centers would be too close . Aleister Goodboo-Pether , a Lake State student who is in the cannabis program , voiced his support regarding this matter . `` Having -LRB- Lake State -RRB- be so progressive and having these new chemistry and business degrees , I feel like we might want to be careful in putting a ton of restrictions on what LSSU can and ca n't do with businesses in the Sault , '' he said . `` Considering all of the students that are going to Lake State specifically for the prospect of getting into the cannabis industry . '' In November 2018 , Michigan voters approved a ballot initiative officially called the Michigan Regulation and Taxation of Marihuana Act , or MRTMA . This act provides for the recreational use of marijuana throughout the state by defining , regulating and creating state-issued licenses for various `` marihuana establishments . '' The city of Sault Ste. Marie had 2703 votes in favor of MRTMA whereas 1855 votes were opposed . According to a report by city manager Brian Chapman , this new act did not repeal the Michigan Medical Marihuana Act , another ballot initiative approved by voters in 2008 . It also did not repeal the Medical Marihuana Facilities Licensing Act , also referred to as MMFLA , that was adopted by the state legislature in 2016 . The MMFLA established a statewide licensing procedure for medical marihuana facilities and granted cities the right to `` opt in '' by creating their own authorizing ordinances and subsequent zoning restrictions . Permissible facilities under the MMFLA and the MRTMA are as follows : Grows are facilities that are licensed to grow marijuana plants that may only sell to a processor or provisioning center/retailer . Must comply with seed-to-sale tracking system . Also required to comply with safety features identified within the State statute and local ordinances such as camera coverage , secured door ways , odor controls , fencing , etc. . Grows are broken up into three licensing categories which determines how many plants they can grow . Processors facilities that take marijuana plants and turn them into oils , creams or edibles . Must comply with seed-to-sale tracking system . Also required to comply with safety features identified within the state statute and local ordinances such as camera coverage , secured door ways , odor controls , fencing , etc. . Secure transporters are businesses that are licensed to transport money and product to and from destinations for a fee . Transport businesses found in other states utilize secured trucks and vans operated by armed guards . Testing facilities are secured facilities responsible for testing cannabis products for purity and compliance with various health codes . These establishments follow general requirements and practices associated with any type of testing facility or lab . Provisioning centers/retailers buy products from grows or processors . Must comply with seed-to-sale tracking system . They are required to comply with safety features identified within the state statute and local ordinances such as camera coverage , secured door ways , odor controls , fencing , etc. . The ordinance details areas where these establishments are prohibited and required distance separations . Marijuana facilities will be prohibited within the boundaries of the Downtown Development Authority . Additionally , the minimum distance separations shall be as follows : 1,000 feet from public and private elementary , middle , and high schools . 500 feet from properties owned by Lake Superior State University . 250 feet from child care establishments licensed by the State of Michigan . 250 feet from publicly and privately owned parks and recreational complexes appearing within the city of Sault Ste. Marie Master Parks & Recreation Plan . 250 feet from houses of worship . 250 feet from substance abuse treatment establishments licensed by the State of Michigan . 100 feet from zoning districts : R-1 , RS-1 , RS-2 , R-1A , R-2 , RM-1 , RM-2 , and RSV . 100 feet from property not located in any of the zoning districts listed above but used wholly or in part for residential purposes . The city staff recently added in more criteria on what type of documents have to be submitted with the application . Such criteria included a security plan , a waste management plan , business plan and a couple of criteria for staff and Chapman to consider when reviewing applications for an issuance of a city permit . In the application for a new annual permit , an application for a marijuana facility should be submitted to the city clerk on a form provided by the city , which shall fulfill all of the requirements indicated on the form , including but not limited to : The name and address of the facility and any other contact information requested on the application form . The name and address of all owners of the real property where the facility is located . Name and address of all business managers of the facility . Proof of applicant 's ownership or legal possession of the premises . A certificate of occupancy or temporary certificate of occupancy . A copy of the proposed business plan for the facility , including , but not limited to the proposed ownership structure of the facility , including percentage ownership of each person or entity and planned worker training programs . A description of the security plan for the adult-use marijuana facility , including , but not limited to , any lighting , alarms , barriers , recording/monitoring devices , and/or security guard arrangements proposed for the facility and premises . The security plan must contain the specification details of each piece of security equipment . Each adult-use marijuana facility must have a security guard present during business hours or alternative security procedures shall be proposed in the business plan . Facility sanitation plan to protect against any marijuana being ingested by any person or animal , indicating how the waste will be stored and disposed of , and how any marijuana will be rendered unusable upon disposal . The disposal by on-site burning or introduction in the sewerage system is prohibited . The type of facility for which a permit is requested at the location specified in the application , which , for purposes of obtaining a permit under this chapter , shall be one of the following : Grower Processor Provisioning center/retailer Secure transporter Safety compliance facility Marijuana micro-business as defined in the MRTMA During the Monday , Aug. 17 meeting , Stosh Wasik was the only person who spoke during the public comment period . Wasik said he owned the The Fire Station business in Marquette and Negaunee , which sells recreational and medical cannabis . He thanked the city for its hard work that was put in the ordinance and he said he was hopeful to move operations to the Sault . Commissioner Shane Miller said in the meeting that he was `` completely and 100 % opposed '' to this ordinance . He elaborated that he was opposed to marijuana manufacturing inside the city limits . `` I did see in Los Angeles about two months ago one of these marijuana manufacturing places had a fire and because of the chemicals and whatnot , the things they use , a lot of firefighters were hurt , '' he said . `` I really do n't want to bring this to our community . I do n't think we should put our first responders , our police department , our fire department in any harm 's way if something like this should catch on fire . '' Commissioner Abby Baker commended the city manager and city staff for their hard work on this matter . She said , `` The first time I brought it to the commission was December of 2018 . I really like everything they put together ... I think that this is a very good thing for our community . I think it 's got heavy regulations . We have empty buildings and businesses that are waiting to come in ... I think we have done our due diligence together . '' Mayor Don Gerrie said this is something that has been talked about for a long time and he thinks that the right thing was done by making sure the State of Michigan fleshed out some of the finer details and consolidated their oversight into one agency . The commission had three options to consider on this matter : adopt ordinance with modifications , direct staff to return with more information or take no action . There were two recommended motions for the city commission to consider . The first was a motion to approve Ordinance 600-20 as presented . The motion was made by Baker and supported by Commissioner Greg Collins . The motion was carried with support from Gerrie , Baker , Commissioner Jodi Bosbous-Rath , Commissioner Greg Collins , Commissioner Tim Talentino and Commissioner Kathy Twardy . Miller was opposed . The second recommended motion was to establish the permit fees for marijuana applications at $ 5,000 per license . The motion was made by Baker and was supposed by Bosbous-Rath . The motion ended up being carried with support from Gerrie , Baker , Bosbous-Rath , Collins , Talentino and Twardy . Miller was opposed .", "url": "https://www.sooeveningnews.com/news/20200818/city-votes-in-favor-of-local-marijuana-ordinance", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9537379145622253}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9537379145622253}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8148449415100257, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgbZOYz", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Got Candid About Why She Removed Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale Got candid about why she remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "In a new post on Instagram , Ashley Tisdale told fans and followers that she removed her breast implants last winter , sharing the personal reasons why she moved forward with the explant surgery after having them for years . `` Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared , '' the High School Musical alum wrote to begin her Instagram post on August 17th . Because she said she has been `` very open about -LSB- her -RSB- mental heath journey , '' she felt it was `` equally important '' to discuss this surgery and decision . Tisdale explained that she underwent breast implant surgery years ago because she thought it would help her self-image . `` Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself , '' she wrote . `` And for a short period of time ... it did . '' But she said that afterward she began experiencing `` minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues , '' which she linked to her breast implants . Now , in the Instagram post , she included a picture of herself relaxing on the beach in a floral bikini , which was taken post-breast implant removal surgery . About that photo , she wrote : `` This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . '' `` Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life , '' she added . In recent years , many people have spoken up about experiencing similar health issues , believing that their breast implants have made them sick . Breast implant illness has been linked to myriad symptoms , including fatigue , depression , anxiety , chest pain , chills , rashes , and hair loss , according to Harvard Medical School . Last year , pharmaceutical company Allergan recalled certain breast implants , citing a link to a rare form of cancer . Tisdale did n't elaborate on her specific diagnosis , and it 's not clear the implants caused any of her health issues . But she is using her experience to speak about her new holistic approach to wellness . She 's partnering with Frenshe , a new wellness company . In a post announcing her partnership , she shared that `` minor health issues left me confused and lost , and met with countless holistic and traditional doctors and practitioners in search of answers . '' Health issues are always scary , and we 're glad Tisdale is feeling better about her overall health and wellbeing . Of course , if you 're ever at all concerned about your breast implants or other health issues , always check with your doctor , a medical professional .", "url": "https://hellogiggles.com/news/ashley-tisdale-breast-implants-removal/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9994816184043884, "Lifestyle": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Health_FacilitiesServices": 0.9994816184043884, "Lifestyle_Fitness": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007244396685376773, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgbkhoX", "stitle": "Cannabis business wants to plant roots in Weed", "seg_title_stem": "cannabis business want to plant root in weed", "seg_content": "The City of Weed is being asked to enter a development agreement with a cannabis-growing project trying to gain a toehold in south Weed . The project hit a snag in July when the Weed Planning Commission voted 3-2 to deny the development agreement long-sought by Shasta-Jefferson Growth Businesses Inc. , the developer . Despite the commission 's no vote , it is the city council that ultimately makes that decision . Progress was further delayed at Thursday 's city council meeting when the matter was put off until September . The delay was caused because complete information for the project was not available to the planning commission for the July meeting . The follow-up planning meeting to review the missing information will be held next Wednesday . Shasta-Jefferson wants the agreement with the city to insure that future changes to ordinances and zoning code can not derail the project approved under previous rules and codes . The company has spent about two years pursuing the agreement with the city . `` A development agreement freezes ordinances and rules that apply today . This is so that , after the millions have been spent on a project , changes to the ordinances that were n't in force when the project started and that might be detrimental do n't suddenly appear , '' said Tim Rundel , Weed City Manager . The council 's delay did not prevent a public hearing on the matter . Nine speakers entered the city council chambers to address the five councilors . Because of social distancing , most of the public stood in a back room or outside where they listened to the meeting over loud speakers . Comments were meant to address the development agreement , but the speakers ' focus was on the worthiness of the project itself . Of the nine speakers , seven welcomed the Shasta-Jefferson project . Loren Adams told the council that Shasta-Jefferson 's project would bring good paying jobs to Weed , which would have a ripple effect on the local economy . `` At Roseburg , we did a curtailment last November . We 're still down a shift . You go to the website , you ca n't find a job today . The bowling alley is leaving . But we can open this -LRB- economy -RRB- up and allow some people to get their on their feet . They 'd be able to buy homes , then we 'll ... have HVAC people come in , carpenters will come in , plumbers will come in , landscapers . How you vote can help the working class , '' Adams said . Christine Meadows encouraged the council to vote no . She said the project is wrong for Weed and disrespects the town 's name . `` My husband and I have kids , we work here and pay taxes , '' Meadows said . `` I feel the location and the development plan are not in the interest of Weed citizens or the environment . The majority of Weed citizens do n't endorse the project . The council should take Weed 's history and legacy into account . Do n't make a mockery of our town 's name . '' If the council approves the development agreement , Shasta-Jefferson has one year to purchase the property for the facility , according to Ryan Reid , outside counsel hired by the city . The cannabis complex would wrap around the Grocery Outlet , with frontage on both Black Butte Drive and East Vista Drive . `` The development agreement becomes effective when the sale is completed . At that point , the council ca n't say no to cannabis , he would have the right to develop , '' Reid explained , referring to Raymond Strack , the CEO of Shasta-Jefferson . After the sale , the company would have two years to develop the details of the project and have an environmental impact report conducted . `` The key point is , the council can approve or disapprove the project based on the CEQA report -LRB- California Environmental Quality Act -RRB- , '' Reid said . `` If these milestones are reached , `` they can begin development , and the city can monitor its progress . ''", "url": "https://www.mtshastanews.com/story/news/2020/08/18/weed-city-council-making-decision-cannabis-project/5602203002/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.48925974324278965, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgblENN", "stitle": "Woman arrested after video shows child outside Alabama strip club", "seg_title_stem": "Woman arrest after video show child outside Alabama strip club", "seg_content": "A woman was charged with child endangerment after video captured images of a child in the back seat of a car that was parked outside an Alabama strip club in the middle of the night . Eva Rudolph , 20 , surrendered to police early Tuesday , the Prichard Police Department said in a statement . News outlets reports she was booked into Mobile Metro Jail and released soon after on bond . Police Lt. Robert Martin said the woman went to the Lotus Gentleman 's Club around 9:30 p.m. Friday , and Facebook live video that began around 3 a.m. Saturday showed a young child in the back seat of a car parked outside . A small crowd gathered around the vehicle after someone realized a child was inside . A woman exited the club and drove away with the child still inside , according to the video , which showed the license plate number of the vehicle . Rudolph is the mother of the child , police said . There was n't any indication the child was harmed , but authorities said they were referring the case to child welfare workers for review . Court records were not available to show whether Rudolph has an attorney .", "url": "https://www.al.com/news/2020/08/woman-arrested-after-video-shows-child-outside-alabama-strip-club.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1861116131915275, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgbn3gD", "stitle": "Microdosing Marijuana : What Doctors Say Is The Best Way To Consume", "seg_title_stem": "microdose Marijuana : what doctor say be the best way to consume", "seg_content": "In partnership with The Fresh Toast Although microdosing may go against the grain of the old time stoner philosophy , doctors say that finding the `` minimum effective dose '' is the key to medical treatment . There are those cannabis connoisseurs who enjoy getting super stoned at the end of a long day at the office , while others are embracing microdosing , a method that allows the user to moderate their mind by taking small doses throughout the day . The concept of microdosing is simple : instead of consuming enough THC to join the land of catatonia , the user leans on somewhere between 3 to 10 mg to feel some effect without entering into a realm of laughing fits , paranoia and ravenous hunger . It is increasingly popular practice that Rolling Stone calls `` Marijuana 2.0 , '' an idea that less is actually more when it comes to using cannabis for its therapeutic and creativity-inducing benefits . However , there are some challenges involved . What is considered a low dose for some may not cut it for others . It is similar to how it would be if measuring the effectiveness of Ibuprofen on a large group of people . Some of them would find relief with 200 mg , while it might take others near pharmaceutical levels to cut through the pain . So , the core of this dosing principle is really just about the individual finding the perfect `` micro-buzz '' that allows them to feel comfortable and productive . Dr. Duston Sulak , who has been working with medical marijuana patients in Maine for the past eight years , told Rolling Stone that he has developed a system to help people find their optimal microdose . `` Abstain from cannabis for two days . On day three , consume one milligram of THC and one milligram of CBD , preferably in a tincture or oil where they can be measured precisely , '' he said . `` Before consuming , ask yourself three questions , and answer on a scale of one to 10 : How easy is it to breathe , how comfortable and calm does your body feel and how easy is it for you to smile authentically , to feel content and grateful ? '' Feel nothing ? Increase your dose by one milligram , the doctor says . `` You repeat this process over the next few days , increasing the dose by small increments , '' he explained . `` When you reach a point where you feel a difference after consuming , you 've found your minimal effective dose . '' No matter how high of a tolerance a person has , the doctor says 48 hours of abstinence is all that is needed to hit the rest button . Although microdosing may go against the grain of the old time stoner philosophy , medical experts say that finding the `` minimum effective dose '' is the key when treating a patient with any medication . After all , it is not advised to take other medications at intoxicating levels , so why should marijuana be treated any differently ?", "url": "https://www.laweekly.com/microdosing-marijuana-what-doctors-say-is-the-best-way-to-consume/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.027045682055266366, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgc2sjs", "stitle": "James Fuller sizzles with hat-trick as Hampshire triumph against Surrey", "seg_title_stem": "James Fuller sizzle with hat-trick as Hampshire triumph against Surrey", "seg_content": "James Fuller took the first Bob Willis Trophy hat-trick to help Hampshire to a sensational innings victory over Surrey . Fast bowler Fuller dismissed Laurie Evans , Gus Atkinson and Morne Morkel in successive deliveries to take Hampshire 's first hat-trick since Kyle Abbott against Worcestershire two years ago . Fuller finished with four for 17 as Hampshire bowled Surrey out for 74 to win by an innings and 52 runs at Arundel . Hampshire have now won back-to-back matches in the competition and took 21 points from the contest , while winless Surrey claimed three . Essex are on course to reach the final after a thrilling three-wicket win over Sussex at Hove left them with the only 100 per cent record in the competition . Simon Harmer set up victory by claiming his 20th five-wicket haul for the county champions as Sussex were bowled out for 141 in their second innings , leaving Essex with a target of 196 in 52 overs . George Garton revived home hopes with four wickets , including Alastair Cook for the second time in the match , and when Mitch Claydon took two wickets in an over they were seven down needing 24 to win . But Paul Walter and Aaron Beard held their nerve , Beard hitting the winning boundary with 6.1 overs to spare . Tom Fell 's first red-ball hundred since having treatment for testicular cancer in 2015 helped guide Worcestershire to a 78-run Bob Willis Trophy victory over Northamptonshire . Fell 's unbeaten 110 allowed the Pears to declare on the final morning and set Northamptonshire 263 in 68 overs and Joe Leach 's side easily defended that target as the hosts were bowled out for 184 . Dillon Pennington did the damage with three for 30 , with Josh Tongue claiming three for 38 . Somerset were left frustrated as rain prevented them from closing out victory against Warwickshire at Edgbaston . Needing 292 to avoid an innings defeat , Warwickshire resumed on the final day on 104 for six and after being second best for the duration of the match they finished on 140 for eight to secure a highly unlikely draw . Only 15.4 overs were possible on the final day and infuriatingly for Somerset the entire post-tea session , in which there was scope for 37 overs , was washed out before the call-off finally arrived at 5.13 pm . Elsewhere , Nottinghamshire and Lancashire drew at Trent Bridge , as did Kent and Middlesex , Glamorgan and Gloucestershire and Yorkshire and Derbyshire .", "url": "https://www.newschain.uk/sport/james-fuller-sizzles-hat-trick-hampshire-triumph-against-surrey-26908", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9999527931213379}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 0.9999527931213379}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.016354810937561515, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgcAJTE", "stitle": "Army develops vibration-based system for land mine identification", "seg_title_stem": "Army develop vibration-based system for land mine identification", "seg_content": "Aug. 18 -LRB- UPI -RRB- -- The Army has developed a new system for land mine identification that it says will greatly reduce false alarm rates . Vadum , Inc. , North Carolina State University , the Georgia Institute of Technology and the Army Research Office all collaborated to develop the Vibration-ENhanced Underground Sensing system -- or Venus , the Army said on Tuesday . Instead of detecting the electromagnetic signature of the mine , which can be confused with other buried metal objects or with wet or magnetic patches of soil , the Venus system uses a pulsed magnetic field to stimulate the metal parts inside a landmine to vibrate . According to the Army , other buried objects do n't respond to the magnetic pulse of the Venus system -- and those that do have `` very different vibrational characteristics . '' `` Fewer false alarms will significantly reduce the cost of humanitarian landmine clearance operations and provide greater road mobility by avoiding unnecessary route detours . With this new technology , landmines can be detected without digging , '' said the Army 's release . The Army has awarded the research team an additional two-year Phase II STTR contract to mature the technology and make it ready for outdoor testing at the Army 's range . Earlier this year , the Pentagon announced it would roll back restrictions on land mine use , drawing criticism from Congressional Democrats as well as human rights organizations that have advocated for a total ban of antipersonnel land mines , which continue to threaten human lives long after wars end . A September 2002 Government Accountability Office report , for example , said contractors found nearly 2,000 land mines in Kuwait that had failed to self-detonate . Even though they were `` smart , '' nonpersistent mines , they may still have caused injuries , including civilian casualties and injuries to U.S. troops that may have been inaccurately attributed to enemy mines , the GAO said .", "url": "https://www.upi.com/Defense-News/2020/08/18/Army-develops-vibration-based-system-for-land-mine-identification/2251597771387/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.46676734863624364, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'intercourse': 1, 'sex act': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgcVgpQ", "stitle": "Citation : Woman out on bond in juvenile rape case charged again in sex case involving another boy", "seg_title_stem": "Citation : Woman out on bond in juvenile rape case charge again in sex case involve another boy", "seg_content": "GLASGOW -- A Glasgow woman who was charged in May with third-degree rape of a 14-year-old boy was accused Monday of engaging in illegal sexual activity with another boy who police say she allowed to drive her car . Brittany Paxson , 21 , was charged Monday with unlawful transaction with a minor -- illegal sex act child under 16 and permitting an unlicensed operator to drive a motor vehicle . While a Glasgow police officer was driving on Humble Avenue , a passenger car pulled off on McKenna Street nearly striking the officer 's car , according to Paxson 's arrest citation . The officer stopped the vehicle . The male driver said he did n't have a driver 's license because he was not old enough to have one . He gave his age as 15 , according to the citation . During an interview with police , Paxson said she had sexual intercourse with the juvenile who was driving her car , according to her arrest citation . She said the two engaged in sex in his house . The teen confirmed Paxson 's admission , according to her arrest citation . Monday 's arrest comes just three months after Paxson was charged on May 14 with third-degree rape of a 14-year-old boy . When police talked to Paxson about that case , they said she admitted to sexual intercourse with the boy twice at his home , according to her arrest citation in that case . She was on a $ 5,000 bond from the first case when she was charged Monday . She is now being held in the Barren County Detention enter on a $ 50,000 bond .", "url": "https://www.wnky.com/woman-out-on-bond-accused-in-rape-of-juvenile-gets-new-charges-involving-another-boy/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014939930524682286, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgcmV6G", "stitle": "Oklahoma law enforcement seizes marijuana grown without a license", "seg_title_stem": "Oklahoma law enforcement seize marijuana grow without a license", "seg_content": "SALLISAW , Okla. -- Law enforcement in Oklahoma seized marijuana grown without a license in two parts of eastern Oklahoma this month , according to Eric Helms , Director/Investigator , District 27 Drug and Violent Crimes Task Force . The task force started investigating a grow operation in early March after getting a tip about marijuana being grown at a home on Lake Loop Road , just outside Muldrow city limits . Law enforcement investigated for months and eventually got a search warrant . They went onto the property in August and found 76 marijuana plants and several bags of marijuana . They also found cash , scales , packing equipment , and THC wax . Taskforce agents also seized plants at an address on E. 1132 just outside Sallisaw . They were driving by when they spotted several plants behind a small house . They stopped and talked to a person who lived there , Marcus Leslie Eveland . Eveland said the plants belonged to his roommates . Agents found 18 marijuana plants and clippings and also meth and a sawed-off shotgun . The task force continued to investigate . They found the property owner and witnesses , who all said Eveland did n't have any roommates .", "url": "https://www.4029tv.com/article/oklahoma-law-enforcement-seizes-marijuana-grown-without-a-license/33636092", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.881301760673523}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.881301760673523}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03193393795302037, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'genital': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgcyiCJ", "stitle": "Nursing aide accused of sex assault against patient at Boulder 's Mesa Vista takes plea deal", "seg_title_stem": "Nursing aide accuse of sex assault against patient at Boulder 's Mesa Vista take plea deal", "seg_content": "A former certified nursing aide at Boulder 's Mesa Vista assisted living facility accused of inappropriately touching a female patient has pleaded guilty in his case . Joseph Eddington Collins , 55 , pleaded guilty to one count of unlawful sexual contact -- no consent , a Class 1 misdemeanor , according to online records . In exchange for the plea , prosecutors dismissed a felony count of unlawful sexual contact -- fake medical exam and a misdemeanor count of unlawful sexual contact on a helpless victim . Collins is set for sentencing on Oct. 30 . Boulder County District Attorney 's Office spokeswoman Shannon Carbone said attorneys have agreed on a five-year term of sex offender intensive supervised probation . A punitive sanction such as jail time could still be issued by the judge as a condition of that probation . Collins remains out of custody on a $ 1,000 cash bond . According to an affidavit , Collins was suspended by the facility after the incident was reported and then later resigned because he `` did n't want people to be uncomfortable . '' Boulder police said the reported assault occurred at Mesa Vista , 2121 Mesa Drive , on Sept. 6 . According to an arrest affidavit , the woman paged for a nurse to help change her and said Collins came in . But the woman said the cleaning took `` longer than it should , '' and that Collins continued to rub her genital area even after she said he could stop and that she was clean . The woman said Collins also made several `` off-color '' comments during the incident that made her feel uncomfortable and also offered to rub lotion on her . The Boulder police detective in the affidavit wrote that Collins `` knowingly subjected victim to unlawful sexual contact when he engaged in a manner substantially inconsistent with reasonable medical practices . '' When contacted by police on Sept. 17 after he resigned , Collins said he only did what the patient requested . Collins did say he had been reprimanded by Mesa Vista for watching pornography on a computer at work about a month before the incident , but claimed his computer was not working . But Boulder police also found that Collins , who has been a certified nurses aide for about 20 years , was named in a federal lawsuit that claimed he sexually assaulted two patients while working at Cherry Creek Nursing Center in Aurora . Collins is not the named party in the suit , which was filed in 2017 , but the suit claims Collins sexually assaulted two female patients while at Cherry Creek . The suit claims neither incident was reported to authorities .", "url": "https://www.coloradodaily.com/2020/08/18/nursing-aide-accused-of-sex-assault-against-patient-at-boulders-mesa-vista-takes-plea-deal/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999526739120483}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999526739120483}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022071474518364068, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgdVt3c", "stitle": "How Care Bears and Harrison Ford inspired Bright Eyes ' Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was", "seg_title_stem": "how Care Bears and Harrison Ford inspire Bright eye ' down in the weed , where the World once be", "seg_content": "The Musical Moodboard is a recurring EW feature where musicians run down the inspirations behind a new album . Since his precocious early teens , Conor Oberst , now 40 , has carried out his unofficial duties as a sort of Swiss Army knife of indie rock -- a one-man juggernaut constantly moving between various bands and genres , from the alt-supergroup Monsters of Folk to the recent Phoebe Bridgers collaboration Better Oblivion Community Center . None , though , have reached quite as far and deep as Bright Eyes , his longtime collaboration with multi-instrumentalists Nate Walcott , 42 , and Mike Mogis , 46 . Though the group went on hiatus nearly a decade ago to focus on other projects , a fortuitous phone call from a Christmas party at Walcott 's Los Angeles home back in 2017 -LRB- `` Nate and I snuck into the bathroom to call Mike , '' Oberst remembers with a laugh , `` and he was into it '' -RRB- brought them back to the table again . `` We were never out of each other 's lives in any way , '' the Nebraska native explains via Zoom from California , where 's he 's been sheltering . `` But at some point a couple years ago it kind of felt like it was the right time to get back together and go back to home base , in a weird way . One of the reasons it 's nice to be making music with these two guys again is that so much can go unsaid ... Obviously I 've had my experiences in the last decade , and so have Mike and Nate . So it 's not like we 're going , `` Hey , we 're 25 again ! ' It 's the same band , but in 2020 . '' On the eve of BE 's latest , Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was -LRB- due on Dead Oceans , Aug. 21 -RRB- , the trio sat down with EW to share some of the left-field inspirations -- including Care Bears , vintage organs , and Harrison Ford -- that informed their bittersweet return . 1 / Ragtime , With a Twist Like all Bright Eyes records , Weeds starts with a sort of happy cacophony : `` A friend of mine and I own a bar in Omaha called Pageturners , '' Oberst says . `` Every Thursday night for years , our friend Dan McCarthy played ragtime piano there for happy hour , and I always associated that with a joyous thing that made me feel good , so I asked Nate here to write a ragtime piece for the occasion . Then we closed the bar for the night , had all of our friends come in , and gave them little cue cards and set up microphones so we could catch everyone 's conversations . '' Though some of the more intimate vocal snippets , he admits , came from another kind of field trip : `` That 's Corina -- my now ex-wife but still my best friend -- and my mom , Nancy . We got together on a separate night and all took some psychedelic mushrooms , then recorded , like , three hours of us talking . ... There was an elaborate editing process after that , '' he adds with a laugh . `` Obviously . '' 2 / Isle of Dogs Oberst 's bandmate Mike Mogis , 46 , whose own marriage also ended recently , found another kind of inspiration in the animated canine whimsy of a 2018 Wes Anderson film . `` My ex and I were talking about our divorce , but we did n't want to do it in the house because of the kids , '' he recalls . `` So we went to this movie theater and ended up seeing Isle of Dogs together , and the memory of that song -LSB- the West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band 's warbling 1967 ballad `` I Wo n't Hurt You '' -RSB- , it really affected me . I remember coming back and playing my guitar , and I totally ripped it off for a Bright Eyes song . '' 3 / Harrison Ford `` Have you ever watched Harrison Ford in an interview ? '' Nate Walcott , 42 , asks . `` I 'm not even such a big fan of his work necessarily , but he seems like a very intelligent and articulate guy , and I saw him being asked what his favorite Star Wars movie was and his answer is always : ` They 're just bricks . Brick by brick by brick . ' That 's kind of how I feel about these songs because each one has something that I love very much , and if we were to remove it , it would n't be a complete picture . '' 4 / An Unexpected Pepper Of all the guests on the album -- including Queens of the Stone Age drummer Jon Theodore and Warpaint 's Jenny Lee Lindberg -- one may surprise longtime BE fans : `` Nate 's been on tour the last three years with Red Hot Chili Peppers , so Flea ended up playing a bunch on our record , '' says Oberst . `` It 's the most tasteful slap bass you 've ever heard ! '' Walcott promises . `` Slap bass gets a bad rap , but it 's great . '' 5 / Care Bears `` I 've always liked this band called Boards of Canada , '' says Walcott . `` But if you 've ever listened to the musical score from Care Bears , the cartoon from the '80s , it 's incredible . I feel , like , Boards of Canada were listening to Care Bears , actually , because it 's all f -- ed up broken-sounding analog synths . My daughter Aurora , who 's four , has got really into it , and it 's kind of incredible what they were doing in the early ` 80s for animated TV shows , you know ? '' 6 / A Marxophone What 's that wheezy , seesawing organ sound on `` Tilt a Whirl '' and `` Pan and Broom '' ? `` Show her the Marxophone ! '' Oberst commands , grinning . Mogis hoists his laptop to reveal a little brown zither lurking in his Omaha studio that looks like a cross between a very small harpsichord and a Ouija board . `` It makes this eerie sound , '' he explains . `` There 's something kind of creepy about it but also really pretty , I think -- the stuttering aspect of it . '' `` It was meant to sound sort of like a broken organ , '' Walcott adds , `` and we just made it sound more broken . '' 7 / The News ... but Not Too Much `` I made a record a few years ago with my other band , Desaparecidos , called Payola , which is the most overtly political album I 've ever made -- like , literally every song could be a segment on Democracy Now ! -- and no one gave a s -- , '' Oberst says , laughing . `` Obviously we were writing all of these -LSB- Weeds -RSB- songs way before the pandemic or George Floyd , all the things we 're dealing with now , so I feel like you can only write songs for the moment you 're living in ... `` I had been through a lot of changes in my life -LSB- recently -RSB- , and you know how sometimes that makes you want to really expand your horizons or try something totally new and wild ? I kind of felt the opposite -- like I 'm going to just go and make music with my friends , the way we used to do . ''", "url": "https://ew.com/music/bright-eyes-interview-down-in-the-weeds-where-the-world-once-was/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9998514652252197}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9998514652252197}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 0.9959020614624023}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6085997275133506, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'prostate': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgdznZi", "stitle": "What Are Cannabis Terpenes ?", "seg_title_stem": "what be Cannabis Terpenes ?", "seg_content": "This article was originally published on The Cannigma , and appears here with permission . The human sense of smell is closely linked to memory , so much so that a whiff of a favorite meal or a beloved aunt 's perfume can whisk you back to your childhood in an instant . Smells can also influence moods and states of mind -- accounting for the growing popularity and body of research around aromatherapy . But what does this have to do with cannabis ? Quite a lot , actually . Terpenes , the molecules responsible for the distinct smell and taste of cannabis varieties , have an important role to play in the plant 's effects . Research has found that the cannabinoid and terpene profile of a particular cannabis strain determines the high it produces -- either uplifting or sedating -- along with its therapeutic properties . Terpenes also seem to operate synergistically with cannabinoids , and influence their individual effects . While the science behind cannabis is still a work in progress -- and a fairly complex one at that -- what we do know is that these tiny molecules that exist throughout the plant world have an important role to play . What are terpenes ? Terpenes were first identified in the 19th century and got their name from turpentine , the essential oil of tree resin . They can be found all over nature , in most fruits , flowers and vegetables . Terpenes only recently rose to popularity among cannabis enthusiasts , but really , they 've been around since the dawn of time . These molecules influence the smell and taste of different plants , and more importantly -- they also serve ecological functions , such as protecting plants from predators , attracting pollinators and fighting fungi . A word on terminology : You may encounter the terms terpenoids , mono-terpenes , and sesqui-terpenes in terpene-related literature . The differences between these classifications are very nuanced and scientific , and of little practical importance for the common cannabis/terpenes enthusiast . Medicinal properties of terpenes 55,000 terpenes have been identified in nature , and new ones are being discovered on a regular basis . Along with smells and tastes , terpenes have also been shown to have anti-bacterial , anti-inflammatory , analgesic , anti-depressant , and anticonvulsant properties , among others . While clinical research is severely lacking , terpenes are the most important compounds in essential oils , which were used by ancient civilizations such as China , India and Egypt for aromatherapy . And though essential oils and aromatherapy have been long considered as alternative medicine , it 's clear that terpenes are biologically active , and are gradually gaining legitimacy in the scientific community as therapeutic agents . Terpenes and cannabis The terpenes you 're most likely to encounter in your average marijuana bud are : myrcene , terpinolene , linalool , limonene , alpha-pinene , humulene , BCP -LRB- beta-caryophyllene -RRB- and ocimene . -LRB- Roxana Gonzalez Leyva/123rf -RRB- Research indicates that terpenes , along with cannabinoids , determine two of the essential functions of cannabis : the type of high a cultivar may cause , and what conditions it might help treat . And though like cannabinoids , terpenes are produced in hairs on the surface of cannabis flowers called the glandular trichomes , they have very different effects . While cannabis websites , and even some scientific studies , often cite that there are 200 terpenes in cannabis , there are actually 50 prominent terpenes in North American varieties . Of these , 17 are most common -- these are listed below . These can be divided into a group of eight `` super terpenes '' -- the ones you 're most likely to encounter in your average marijuana bud : myrcene , terpinolene , linalool , limonene , alpha-pinene , humulene , BCP -LRB- beta-caryophyllene -RRB- and ocimene . Concentration of terpenes in cannabis In the early 2000s the research traditionally found the total terpene concentration in cannabis flowers to be about 1 % , which is quite low compared to cannabinoids that usually make up an average of 15-20 % . But selective breeding has increased concentrations to as high as 4.8 % , as shown in studies from recent years . These low concentrations of individual terpenes , often much lower than 1 % , might give the impression of irrelevance , but unlike cannabinoids , terpenes appear to be effective at concentrations above 0.05 % . Why terpenes are crucial in cannabis : whole plant vs isolated products To understand how terpenes work in cannabis and why such low concentrations are effective , let 's first look at whole plant therapy , and more particularly at the entourage effect concept . This theory is based on the known notion that , in some cases , whole plant products are more effective than their isolate derivatives . This concept is n't backed by a lot of experimental evidence , but this is gradually changing . When it comes to cannabis , cannabis expert Dr. Ethan Russo suggests that major cannabinoids such as THC and CBD are influenced by each other , but also by terpenes and other minor cannabinoids that are present in much lower concentrations . How cannabis terpenes affect you Terpenes influence the type of ` high ' but also how well a cultivar treats different medical conditions and symptoms . -LRB- Shutterstock -RRB- It has been long held in cannabis pop culture that what gives cannabis cultivars their unique properties are their sativa or indica genetics -- sativa as uplifting and indica as sedating -- but science has gradually shed light on the complexity of the issue . In fact , the entire chemical profile determines how cannabis affects us , and more specifically the concentrations of specific cannabinoids and terpenes . The role of terpenes in this is twofold : on the one hand they influence the type of `` high '' or intoxication you 'll experience . Some terpenes such as myrcene and linalool are more sedative , while limonene and terpinolene for instance , are associated with uplifting effects . Secondly , terpenes may influence the efficacy of specific cultivars for different medical conditions . Some are anti-inflammatory -LRB- such as myrcene and BCP -RRB- , others can be anxiolytic -LRB- alpha-pinene and limonene -RRB- , and others are anticarcinogenic -LRB- limonene and ocimene -RRB- . But it 's important to note that the jury 's still out when it comes to their combined effects . For now , cannabis patients and recreational users can look at the research for each terpene , and test different combinations until they find the perfect chemical variation . For instance , when treating seizures , you can narrow down the possibilities , and test cultivars that are dominant in linalool or ocimene , which show anticonvulsant properties . This might not be the traditional way to find treatment , and knowledge is indeed lacking when it comes to how the entourage effect works exactly , but one thing is clear : clinical evidence of the superiority of whole plant treatments over isolated CBD or THC is piling up . A list of cannabis terpenes Knowing the properties of the major cannabis terpenes can be a powerful tool when choosing a cannabis product . Specifically , you 'll want to understand the main terpenes found in high concentrations in cannabis , their aroma , effects and potential therapeutic uses . Most of the information below is based on two studies about cannabis constituents from 2017 and 2018 . Though terpenes are generally considered safe to use by the FDA , it 's important to note that this knowledge is mainly derived from preliminary research , based on animal models or in vitro studies . This means that this information can be used as a starting point for selecting a cannabis product , and should be done in consultation with an experienced cannabis practitioner . Myrcene -LRB- Natali Ivanova/123rf -RRB- Aroma : herbal Also found in : sweet basil , bay leaves , lemongrass , wild thyme , parsley , mango and hops Medicinal properties : sedative , anti inflammatory , anti carcinogenic , analgesic , muscle relaxant , anxiolytic and antioxidant Also known as β-Myrcene -LRB- beta myrcene -RRB- , Myrcene is the most common terpene in modern cannabis strains in the US and Europe . It is thought to be highly sedative and is suggested as the main responsible agent for the '' couch lock '' effect in strains that produce a `` physical , mellow , sleepy '' high . Myrcene has a herbal aroma , with spicy , earthy notes . Thanks to its medicinal properties , myrcene is suggested as a potential relevant treatment for conditions and symptoms such as multiple sclerosis , insomnia , arthritis , inflammation , and pain . BCP -LRB- beta-caryophyllene -RRB- -LRB- rtsubin/123rf -RRB- Aroma : spicy Also found in : cinnamon , clove and black pepper rosemary , oregano , basil and hops Medicinal properties : cardioprotective , analgesic , hepatoprotective , gastroprotective , neuroprotective , nephroprotective , antioxidant , anti inflammatory , antimicrobial , immunomodulator Beta caryophyllene , aka caryophyllene or BCP , has a spicy aroma and is thought to be a relaxing and sedating terpene . It 's unique as a terpene because it also interacts with the body in a similar way to cannabinoids , via receptors in the endocannabinoid system , influencing its potential effects and therapeutic applications . BCP shows potent anti-inflammatory and pain relieving properties in inflammatory and neuropathic pain . Through its stimulation of the CB2 receptor , it is suggested to be effective for inflammatory bowel diseases -LRB- crohn 's / ulcerative colitis -RRB- , Parkinson 's disease , dementia , anxiety and depression . It has also been suggested as a potential aid for insomnia due to its relaxing , sedating and analgesic properties . Interestingly , unrelated to the ECS , BCP has shown potential in the treatment of alcohol and cocaine abuse . And if all that is n't enough , it 's also considered to be a potent anticancer agent . Pinene -LRB- Lukas Gojda/123rf -RRB- Aroma : woody Also found in : pine trees , parsley , rosemary , dill and basil Medicinal properties : anti inflammatory , bronchodilator , antibiotic , anxiolit and antinociceptive There are two main types of pinene , alpha and beta , but alpha pinene is more abundant in cannabis . It has a woody aroma and can be found in large amounts in the resin of conifers such as pines -LRB- hence the name -RRB- . Interestingly , pinene can potentially help with the short term memory loss associated with THC . It 's also suggested as a potential treatment for conditions and symptoms such as arthritis , dementia , asthma , SARS , acne , and cancer -LRB- particularly neuroblastoma , melanoma , and hepatic carcinoma -RRB- . Ocimene -LRB- Nataliya Arzamasova/123rf -RRB- Aroma : floral Also found in : pepper , mango , mint , oregano , basil , parsley , celery leaf , tarragon and lavender Medicinal properties : anticonvulsant , antiviral , anti inflammatory , antitumor and antifungal properties Ocimene has a floral aroma with woody notes , and is suggested as a potential use in seizure-related conditions such as epilepsy , inflammation and different types of cancer . Humulene -LRB- Tatjana Baibakova/123rf -RRB- Aroma : earthy Also found in : ginger , sage , clove , basil , spearmint and ginseng , and has high concentrations in hops essential oil -LRB- humulus lupulus -RRB- Medicinal properties : anti inflammatory , anti carcinogenic , antinociceptive and analgesic , antibacterial and antiviral Humulene is closely related to BCP from a molecular point of view -LRB- its other name is actually alpha-caryophyllene -RRB- . Its aroma is often described as earthy and woody , sometimes associated with the `` hoppy '' aroma of beer . It has high concentrations in hops essential oil -LRB- humulus lupulus -RRB- , from which its name is derived . Humulene is considered to be a strong anti inflammatory , antinociceptive and analgesic agent , suggesting potential benefits for both local and systemic pain -LRB- especially inflammatory pain -RRB- . It also showed anticancer activity in preliminary research , and there are some anecdotal reports suggesting its efficacy in appetite suppression and weight loss , suggesting potential for conditions such as obesity . Terpinolene Apple orchard -LRB- Ekaterina Pokrovsky/123rf -RRB- Aroma : floral Also found in : apples , pines , turmeric leaf , sage and cardamon , but it 's most abundant in parsnip Medicinal properties : sedative , antioxidant , antiproliferative , antinociceptive , analgesic and anti inflammatory Terpinolene is often considered to have a floral aroma with a twist of citrus and earthy fragrance . Though sedative in mice , subjective consumer reports suggest that cannabis varieties rich in terpinolene are actually stimulating in humans . The combination of THC and terpinolene might be the reason for this inconsistency . In cannabis , terpinolene is present in many varieties , but usually in low concentrations . It 's thought to be of potential value for conditions such as hypertension , pain -LRB- especially inflammatory -RRB- , and cancer -LRB- particularly neuroblastoma and chronic myelogenous leukemia -RRB- . Linalool -LRB- Chayatorn Laorattanavech/123rf -RRB- Aroma : floral Also found in : Lavender , roses , basil , laurels and cinnamon Medicinal properties : anti inflammatory , anticonvulsant , relaxant , analgesic , sedative , anti depressant , anti stress and anxiolytic agent Though present in a lot of spices and flowers , particularly high concentrations of linalool can be found in lavender . This floral and spicy terpene has a long list of medical effects that suggest a potential application for conditions and symptoms such as anxiety , stress , depression , insomnia , pain and seizures . Limonene -LRB- Jonás Torres/123rf -LRB- -RRB- Aroma : citrus Also found in : the rinds of all citrus fruits Medicinal properties : anxiolytic , antidepressant , antibiotic , chemotherapeutic , anti inflammatory , analgesic and immune stimulant As suggested by the name , limonene -LRB- aka D-limonene -RRB- has a citrus aroma and can be found in high concentrations in the rinds of citrus fruits . This terpene is believed to be responsible for the `` cerebral and euphoric '' experience , commonly attributed to some cannabis chemovars . Limonene has been suggested as a potential treatment for a myriad of conditions and symptoms , such as multiple sclerosis , IBD -LRB- crohn 's / ulcerative colitis -RRB- , anxiety , depression , inflammation , pain , asthma , obesity , arthritis , and cancer -LRB- particularly skin , breast , prostate and glioblastoma -RRB- . It may also be helpful for Parkinson 's disease due to its antioxidant and neuroprotective properties , but this is yet to be researched . Other common terpenes in North American chemovars : Camphene Also found in : turpentine , camphor oil , citronella oil , ginger oil , cypress oil and valerian Medicinal properties : antifungal , analgesic , antioxidant Beta-pinene Also found in : pine trees , parsley , rosemary , dill and basil Medicinal properties : antibiotic Alpha - phellandrene Also found in : frankincense , ginger , cinnamon , parsley , lavender , eucalyptus , water fennel and grand fir Medicinal properties : pain desensitizer , anti depressant Delta 3 Carene Also found in : pine trees , white pepper , cedar , basil Medicinal properties : anti inflammatory , antifungal Alpha terpinene Also found in : tea tree oil Medicinal properties : antiparasitic , antioxidant Gamma-terpinene Also found in : eucalyptus , cumin Medicinal properties : antifungal , antioxidant Fenchol Also found in : basil Medicinal properties : antioxidant , antibacterial Terpineol Also found in : pine trees , lime blossoms , eucalyptus and lilacs Medicinal properties : Sedative , anxiolytic , analgesic , anti inflammatory , antiproliferative , antioxidant , anti carcinogenic , anti bacterial , antifungal and antiviral Caryophyllene oxide Also found in : rosemary , lavender , cloves , hops , lemon balm , basil , oregano , black pepper and eucalyptus Medicinal properties : analgesic , anti inflammatory Read the original Article on The Cannigma .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17077060/what-are-cannabis-terpenes", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04174201522916023, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wge0rvX", "stitle": "Despite The Pandemic , The Sex Trade Is Still Booming Along The U.S.-Mexico Border", "seg_title_stem": "despite the pandemic , the sex Trade be still booming along the u.s.-mexico border", "seg_content": "As the Coronavirus pandemic ravaged communities , workers were faced with an impossible choice . Stay at home , be safe , but risk going hungry or broke . Go out , earn a living , but risk your life and of those you care about . For so many in Mexico , this was the choice they were given . It 's already a difficult choice to make -- even if you work as an Uber driver or a restaurant worker . But imagine having to make that choice if you 're a sex worker . The pandemic has slowed the sex trade along the U.S.-Mexico border by some degree , but in many parts it remains business as usual . So many sex workers are having to make that nearly impossible choice to work and make money or stay at home to stay safe . And although the border is technically closed to nonessential travel , thousands of Americans are still crossing into Mexico to pay for sex , looking for a kind of fun that ca n't be found legally in most of the U.S. Mexico 's sex tourism industry is still going strong despite a global pandemic . Reopening his business would be illegal , but in Tijuana , it 's clear other business owners do n't care . `` People are opening , certain places are open , certain -LSB- sex -RSB- hotels are open , '' he said . https://t.co/x2fdnPqMs6 -- FOX5 Las Vegas -LRB- @FOX5Vegas -RRB- August 10 , 2020 At the start of the pandemic , the U.S. and Mexico agreed to close the border to nonessential travel . However , tourists have still traveled south to cities such as Tijuana and Ciudad Juárez in search of nightlife , drugs , and sex . In Tijuana famed red-light district , called Zona Norte , which is walking distance from the border , the area 's main strip is usually teeming with a frenetic action bathed in neon light . Women in short dresses and the highest of high heels stand along the sidewalks . Massive strip clubs , some with hotels attached , act as de facto brothels . And now , although the city 's strip clubs and brothels may officially be closed due to the health crisis , many are welcoming customers through back doors . Last month a team from Baja California 's Commission for the Protection Against Sanitary Risks -LRB- COEPRIS -RRB- carried out inspections in Zona Norte after receiving several complaints that it was pretty much business as usual in the area . They reported that many places are open as usual . `` We sent COEPRIS and they shut them down . Yes , they were disguising it , the front door was closed , but they were entering from behind and all the same activities were being held there with the doors closed , '' Governor Jaime Bonilla Valdez said . The newspaper El Universal reported seeing a drunk American stumbling down the street to hire a young prostitute , and witnessed a trio of tourists being offered marijuana and methamphetamine in full view of COEPRIS inspectors and police officers as they inspected businesses on Coahuila Alley . Some sex workers are doing the best they can to protect themselves ... Although so many sex workers are forced to make the difficult decision to stay at home or keep working , those who decide to work have other choices to make . `` I 'm so scared for my health , '' said Alejandra , a sex worker in Tijuana , who spoke to CNN . `` I do n't know if the person I 'm with has the disease or not . '' Some sex workers , such as single mother Alejandra , say they are taking precautions against the spread of the coronavirus , such as making their clients wash their hands and shower prior to the act , and requiring the frequent use of antibacterial gel . But social distancing is impossible when you 're a sex worker . Meanwhile , a former tourism official is urging cities to promote the sex trade to boost the economy . A former tourism director for Tijuana is urging the city to `` remove the taboo '' of prostitution and brothels and promote them as tourist attractions instead . Pepe Avelar made those comments after being asked about night club and bar closures due to COVID-19 . `` We should let them operate and exploit their appeal as much as possible , allowing for more regulation , '' he said . `` We should approve a promotional campaign for an activity that is historically synonymous with the city of Tijuana . '' `` Let 's talk openly about this . I 'm a firm believer that we need these open 24/7 in areas dedicated to bars and houses of prostitution because , in the end , these are also tourism products , '' he said As an example , Avelar used the city of Las Vegas , Nev. , where tourism is promoted as `` an adventure , as romantic and as a sexual destination . '' Cities on the U.S. side of the border have far higher numbers of cases putting Mexican border communities on alert . Although Mexico 's border communities have been hit hard by the virus , it 's nothing like what 's happening on the U.S. side . For example , across the border from Tijuana in San Diego , there are 33,220 confirmed cases of the coronavirus , whereas 4,349 people have become infected in Tijuana according to official data . This is largely why the land crossing between the U.S. and Mexico remains closed to nonessential travel . It was all done with the intent of slowing the virus ' spread . Notice any needed corrections ? Please email us at corrections@wearemitu.com Tags : Coronavirs prostitution sex workers US / Mexico Border Trump , Living In Alternate Reality , Says The U.S. Has Less Coronavirus Thanks To His Border Wall BY Justin Lessner | July 22 , 2020 AT 1:07 pm Trump has long framed the U.S.-Mexico border wall -- his vanity project -- as protection from outside forces . He 's claimed that his wall will not only deter undocumented migrants from crossing the border but it will also prevent terrorism and crime and now , it provides health security . On several occasions , Trump has tried to link his wall with protection from the Coronavirus . However , the pandemic is raging out of control within the United States . In fact , it 's other countries that are putting up barriers for Americans as they try to protect themselves from America 's failure to halt the spread of the disease . Trump claimed that his border wall has protected the U.S. from Coronavirus . ~ On 6/23 in San Luis , AZ , Trump visited a newly built border barrier & said : `` It stopped COVID . It stopped everything . '' It did n't . It was negligent to think the wall could protect people on either side of the border from a virus . https://t.co/eiqjhFD3bG #BorderWall #NoBorderWall -- Kenneth Madsen -LRB- @madsen34geog -RRB- July 21 , 2020 During a Fox News interview with Chris Wallace , Trump made an absurd claim that the U.S. was protected from Coronavirus thanks to his border wall . Wallace was pressing Trump on the U.S. response to the pandemic and how it 's number one in both infections and deaths . `` But you take a look , why do n't they talk about Mexico ? Which is not helping us . And all I can say is thank God I built most of the wall , because if I did n't have the wall up we would have a much bigger problem with Mexico , '' Trump told Chris Wallace . However , Trump must be living in an alternate reality if he truly believes that his border wall has helped prevent the spread of Coronavirus into the country . The U.S. currently has 11 times more cases and far more deaths from the outbreak than Mexico . As of today , Johns Hopkins totaled more than 144,000 deaths and 3.97 million infections in the United States . Then there 's the fact that the Trump administration has actually been very slow to build Trump 's vanity wall project . According to U.S. Customs and Border Protection -LRB- CBP -RRB- , 245 miles of barrier have been built so far , including parts that replaced older barriers . That 's 245 miles of a 1,954 mile long border . However , this was n't the first time that Trump has made such claims . Long before Coronavirus had claimed it 's first known victim in the U.S. , President Trump was already trying to connect the disease to the U.S.-Mexico border and his wall project . At a rally in South Carolina on February 28 , he argued that we needed to build more wall to keep the virus out , even though it was already in the country and spreading like wildfire . `` We must understand that border security is also health security , '' Trump argued . `` We will do everything in our power to keep the infection and those carrying the infection from entering our country . '' That same day , the U.S. had 63 known cases of COVID-19 , and Mexico announced its first two confirmed cases . Nevertheless , Trump and some of his allies have continued trying to frame illegal crossings of the Mexican border as a top potential source of coronavirus in the United States . Just this month at a visit to an Arizona segment of the border wall , Trump tried to credit his new wall with stopping both undocumented immigration and the Coronavirus . `` It stopped COVID , it stopped everything , '' Trump said . His comments sparked outrage on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border . Trump is known for uttering complete falsehoods -- he 's told more than 20,000 since taking office . But these comments about his wall protecting the U.S. from Coronavirus -LRB- as it rages within our borders -RRB- left many shocked . In Mexico , President AMLO was asked about Trump 's assertion that construction of the border wall has prevented Coronavirus contagion coming north from Mexico . Although AMLO acknowledged he does n't agree with Trump , he also would n't confront him . `` I respect President Trump 's point of view , '' López Obrador told reporters during a daily press conference . `` Of course I do n't share his opinion , but I 'm not going to confront -LSB- Trump -RSB- , '' he added . Both countries have been hit hard by the pandemic , but the U.S. leads the world in infections and deaths . Mexican border states raise new concern about Americans bringing coronavirus south Mexico using Trump wall to keep out Americans with Trump virus https://t.co/Mpf7N6r3hz -- Jerry Steinberg -LRB- @JerrySteinberg -RRB- July 4 , 2020 It 's true that Mexico has also been hit hard by the pandemic . The country is currently ranked seventh globally in terms of the number of infections and fourth in number of deaths . As of July 22 , Mexico has 356,255 confirmed Covid-19 cases and has suffered more than 40,000 deaths . Although those numbers are disheartening , they pale in comparison to the figures seen in the United States . And although the virus has spread aggressively in both countries , Mexican governors of states that border the U.S. have called for stricter border controls to protect their residents . States along the southern border -LRB- including California , Arizona , and Texas -RRB- have become the new epicenter for the virus in the United States and Mexicans hope to prevent contagion into their states . Notice any needed corrections ? Please email us at corrections@wearemitu.com Tags : Border WallCoronavirusTrump AdministrationUS / Mexico Border Bolivian Sex Workers Are Using Rain Jackets To Help With Coronavirus BY Cristal Mesa | July 14 , 2020 AT 2:03 pm Today , with so many countries across the globe affected by the global pandemic , there 's no denying that industries of all sorts are being impacted . Particularly the sex industry . With strict social distancing rules being enacted to ensure the health of citizens , sex workers around the world have been particularly impacted . Brothels and strip clubs have been shut down and as such these sex workers have had their incomes put on hold . In 2016 , the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV and AIDS -LRB- UNAIDS -RRB- estimated there nearly 30,523 prostitutes were working in Bolivia . To note , today 's population in Bolivia is 11,673,021 . Now , Bolivian sex workers in the capital of La Paz are doing what they can to ensure that they secure their livelihoods . According to Reuters , sex workers are preparing for work under the new conditions of the coronavirus with bleach , gloves , and see-through raincoats . Described as `` biosecurity suits '' the new precautions are among a `` number of recommendations in a 30-page coronavirus security manual drawn up by the Organization of Night Workers of Bolivia -LRB- OTN -RRB- . '' In an effort to help with their work , OTN has urged authorities `` to lift the day-time business restrictions put in place during the lockdowns , even if a strict nighttime curfew still impedes their more habitual evening work . '' Speaking to Reuters , Lily Cortes , a representative of Bolivia 's sex workers union , told Reuters '' that some women may have no option but to work on the streets if they could not work in cooperative-run brothels . Prostitution is legal in Bolivia , but procuring it is not . '' Antonieta , another sex worker told Reuters that she plans on wearing gloves , a visor , and a raincoat over usual clothes for work . To ensure cleanliness , she sprays a bleach solution on the pole she uses to dance on at the brothel in which she works . `` The biosecurity suit will allow us to work and protect ourselves , '' she told Reuters . As of this month , Bolivia has had over 48 , 000 confirmed cases of the coronavirus and 1,800 deaths . Still , as Reuters points out it is one of the countries with the least number of tests being carried out , which could mean that the actual numbers of deaths and infections could be much higher . Based on current research , the World Health Organization has asserted that the coronavirus can not be sexually transmitted . Notice any needed corrections ? Please email us at corrections@wearemitu.com Tags : Coronavirushealthsex workersex workers", "url": "https://wearemitu.com/things-that-matter/despite-the-pandemic-the-sex-trade-is-still-booming-along-the-u-s-mexico-border/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9815306067466736}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.9815306067466736}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02308548347168647, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wge2VdF", "stitle": "CNY forest ranger had sex on the job , moonlighted on taxpayers ' dime , probe shows", "seg_title_stem": "cny forest ranger have sex on the job , moonlight on taxpayer ' dime , probe show", "seg_content": "Syracuse , N.Y. -- A forest ranger from Oneida County had sex on the job , stole gym equipment and moonlighted as a part-time cop when he was supposed to be working for the state Department of Conservation , according to a state investigation . New York Inspector General Letizia Tagliafierro said her office 's investigation of the DEC 's division of forest protection found `` systemic deficiencies in supervision '' allowed forest ranger Charles Richardson to engage in widespread misconduct and conduct his owner personal business on the taxpayers ' dime . Her office said Richardson engaged in inappropriate sexual encounters while on duty at least twice . The investigation also found : Richardson worked as a part-time police officer in Boonville when he was supposed to be working for the DEC ; He ordered the construction of 15 wooden `` jump boxes '' and the purchase of gym equipment for the DEC 's training academy in Pulaski . Some of the boxes ended up at a private gym Richardson owned in Boonville . Richardson violated residency requirements . He was supposed to relocate to Monroe County when he was promoted to lieutenant and assigned to Region 8 . That job required him to supervise six rangers . He claimed his new address was in Hilton , a village in Monroe . It turned out the address was the home of a friend who said Richardson rarely stayed there . Richardson performed his supervisory duties over the phone and was rarely physically present in Region 8 while on duty . State payroll records show the DEC paid Richardson $ 100,526 in 2019 . The investigation found forest rangers work independently , have wide discretion to set their schedules and get little supervision . In a statement released today , the DEC said it `` ... has no tolerance for inappropriate behavior , misappropriation of resources , or disregarding the policies in place to ensure the accountability of our professional staff and our duty to protect public resources . '' The DEC said after it reviews the IG 's report it will take `` any and all appropriate actions . '' The DEC said it has begun disciplinary action against Richardson in response to the investigation . The agency said it also had made operational and personnel changes to address problems identified by investigators . The agency appointed a new acting director to oversee the division of forest protection in January 2020 . It also appointed a new deputy commissioner of public protection in April to oversee law enforcement divisions , and improve operations and procedures .", "url": "https://www.syracuse.com/state/2020/08/cny-forest-ranger-had-sex-on-the-job-moonlighted-on-taxpayers-dime-probe-shows.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.36982369926315456, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wge6nQb", "stitle": "Rare 1921 Babe Ruth baseball card sells at Harrisburg auction for $ 51,600", "seg_title_stem": "rare 1921 Babe Ruth baseball card sell at Harrisburg auction for $ 51,600", "seg_content": "HARRISBURG , Pa. -- A Harrisburg auction on Sunday sold a 1921 Babe Ruth baseball card for $ 51,600 over the weekend . The American Caramel card was graded in near-mint condition , according to David Cordier , founder and owner of Cordier Auctions & Appraisals . The card was part of a single collection from the estate of Lee Noblett of Halifax . The executor of the estate selected Cordier Auctions and Appraisals to represent the entire collection , Cordier said . `` It was graded 7 , or near-mint , by -LRB- Professional Sports Authenticator , '' said Cordier in a press release . `` According to the PSA , this is the only card of this version in the population with this grade . The next highest are graded 3 . '' Because of its near-mint condition and due to a printing defect on the front of the card , the expectation was for it to bring about $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 when it was listed , Cordier said . `` When we logged into the auction Saturday morning and -LRB- the bidding -RRB- was at $ 20,000 , we knew that something exciting was happening , '' Cordier said . When bidding ended on the card , the hammer fell at $ 43,000 -LRB- $ 51,600 with 20 % buyer 's premium -RRB- , Cordier said . Other noteworthy lots included a E90-2 American Caramel Honus Wagner PSA1 that sold for $ 3,200 -LRB- $ 3,840 with buyer 's premium -RRB- and a T206 1909-1900 White Border Ray Demmitt St. Louis PSA2 that sold for $ 2,100 -LRB- $ 2,520 with buyer 's premium -RRB- , Cordier said .", "url": "https://www.fox43.com/article/news/local/dauphin-county/rare-1921-babe-ruth-baseball-card-sells-at-harrisburg-auction-for-51600/521-47d94aae-91c1-4d36-ab9e-4035340d790e", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.6771618127822876}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 0.6771618127822876}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01688373347956523, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgeBS8I", "stitle": "Ohio priest arrested on sex trafficking charges ; bishop places him on administrative leave", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest arrest on sex trafficking charge ; bishop place he on administrative leave", "seg_content": "FINDLAY , Ohio -- The Cleveland Division of the FBI and the United States Attorney 's Office on Tuesday announced the federal arrest of 53-year-old Father Michael Zacharias in Findlay . He was immediately placed on leave by the Diocese of Toledo , with Bishop Daniel Thomas expressing his shock and revulsion at the allegations of sexual misconduct against the priest . Zacharias , a priest at St. Michael the Archangel Parish , is charged with sex trafficking of a minor , sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud or coercion , and coercion or enticement . Officials say Zacharias was taken into custody on Tuesday at his residence without incident by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . It appears Zacharias celebrated daily Mass shortly before he was arrested . According to the complaint , investigators are aware that Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . The Diocese said he was ordained a priest in 2002 and these are the first such allegations to be raised against him . FBI Agent Eric Smith said Zacharias served at other parishes during his time as a priest , including St. Catherine 's in west Toledo . The federal court documents were released and can be read full below . However , as a warning , they feature graphic content detailing explicit situations that may be disturbing for some readers . VIDEO : FBI NEWS CONFERENCE The FBI is encouraging anyone that has had contact with Zacharias where they may have been `` groomed '' for possible future sexual purposes , they were inappropriately touched or they were sexually assaulted by Zacharias to contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . In addition , the Diocese of Toledo encourages people to report any such allegation to the Diocesan Victim Assistance Coordinator at 419-214-4880 . The FBI says all information will be strictly confidential . A statement from Bishop Thomas said , `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests . The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' In accordance with the Policy for the Protection of Minors and Young People , while on administrative leave , Father Zacharias can not exercise public priestly ministry , administer any of the Sacraments , wear clerical attire or present himself as a priest . Administrative leave is a precautionary measure while an allegation is being investigated . VIDEO : BISHOP , MAYOR REACT TO CHARGES AGAINST PRIEST Findlay 's mayor , Christina Muryn , had a strong reaction following the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias . `` It 's really disappointing and I think , as everyone , I felt sick to my stomach , '' Muryn said . `` Just to know that individuals in our community , and especially in authority , were taking advantage of the most vulnerable people in our community . It 's disgusting . '' She issued a statement Tuesday that said no criminal complaints have been filed locally in relation to Zacharias . The Findlay Police Department also has no information to believe that St. Michael 's School or its students are involved in Zacharias ' FBI complaint . `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias . These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society , '' Muryn said . Zacharias ' neighbors and the mayor say they were surprised to hear about the arrest . That 's because the priest was an involved member in the community at St. Michael , which is a prominent parish . Mayor Muryn says she 's worked with Zacharias a number of times . `` We try to have our faith leaders be leaders in the community on all issues . So we certainly have worked with him over the last year and a half as I 've been in leadership to have him involved in the community and it 's disappointing to see the allegations against him , '' she said .", "url": "https://www.kvue.com/article/news/local/findlay-priest-arrested-on-sex-trafficking-charges/512-3a337cd7-3d10-4a18-8a1c-814942571a15", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9934819936752319}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9934819936752319}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.43455474097896885, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgeL2j9", "stitle": "Mom who ` left baby in a car while she was in a strip club at 3AM ' arrested on child endangerment charges", "seg_title_stem": "mom who ` leave baby in a car while she be in a strip club at 3am ' arrest on child endangerment charge", "seg_content": "A MOTHER was arrested after she allegedly left her child in the backseat of a car while she went inside a strip club in the middle of the night . Alabama mom Eva Rudolph , 20 , faces child endangerment charges after a Facebook Live video showed a child sitting in a car parked outside an Alabama strip club just after 3AM Saturday night . Prichard Police Department 's Police Lieutenant Robert Martin said Rudolph went into the Lotus Gentleman 's Club at around 9:30 PM Friday night . A crowd formed and someone posted on Facebook Live after people began noticing a child sitting in the backseat of her car . Police said Rudolph surrendered early Tuesday morning and was booked into Mobile Metro Jail before she made bail . `` That 's a baby , though , '' is heard on video while a man attempts to open the car 's locked doors . Seconds later , the mom exited the club and drove away with the child still inside , the Facebook video shows . `` Now they got the police , '' is heard on video as the car pulls away , showing an officer walking away from the car . Authorities said there was nothing to indicate the child was harmed , but they have since referred the case to child welfare workers .", "url": "https://www.the-sun.com/news/1329318/mom-baby-strip-club-child-endangerment-charges/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9917256236076355}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9917256236076355}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022391464222710777, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgeOjIO", "stitle": "How Care Bears and Harrison Ford inspired Bright Eyes ' Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was", "seg_title_stem": "how Care Bears and Harrison Ford inspire Bright eye ' down in the weed , where the World once be", "seg_content": "The Musical Moodboard is a recurring EW feature where musicians run down the inspirations behind a new album . Since his precocious early teens , Conor Oberst , now 40 , has carried out his unofficial duties as a sort of Swiss Army knife of indie rock -- a one-man juggernaut constantly moving between various bands and genres , from the alt-supergroup Monsters of Folk to the recent Phoebe Bridgers collaboration Better Oblivion Community Center . None , though , have reached quite as far and deep as Bright Eyes , his longtime collaboration with multi-instrumentalists Nate Walcott , 42 , and Mike Mogis , 46 . Though the group went on hiatus nearly a decade ago to focus on other projects , a fortuitous phone call from a Christmas party at Walcott 's Los Angeles home back in 2017 -LRB- `` Nate and I snuck into the bathroom to call Mike , '' Oberst remembers with a laugh , `` and he was into it '' -RRB- brought them back to the table again . `` We were never out of each other 's lives in any way , '' the Nebraska native explains via Zoom from California , where 's he 's been sheltering . `` But at some point a couple years ago it kind of felt like it was the right time to get back together and go back to home base , in a weird way . One of the reasons it 's nice to be making music with these two guys again is that so much can go unsaid ... Obviously I 've had my experiences in the last decade , and so have Mike and Nate . So it 's not like we 're going , `` Hey , we 're 25 again ! ' It 's the same band , but in 2020 . '' On the eve of BE 's latest , Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was -LRB- due on Dead Oceans , Aug. 21 -RRB- , the trio sat down with EW to share some of the left-field inspirations -- including Care Bears , vintage organs , and Harrison Ford -- that informed their bittersweet return . 1 / Ragtime , With a Twist Like all Bright Eyes records , Weeds starts with a sort of happy cacophony : `` A friend of mine and I own a bar in Omaha called Pageturners , '' Oberst says . `` Every Thursday night for years , our friend Dan McCarthy played ragtime piano there for happy hour , and I always associated that with a joyous thing that made me feel good , so I asked Nate here to write a ragtime piece for the occasion . Then we closed the bar for the night , had all of our friends come in , and gave them little cue cards and set up microphones so we could catch everyone 's conversations . '' Though some of the more intimate vocal snippets , he admits , came from another kind of field trip : `` That 's Corina -- my now ex-wife but still my best friend -- and my mom , Nancy . We got together on a separate night and all took some psychedelic mushrooms , then recorded , like , three hours of us talking . ... There was an elaborate editing process after that , '' he adds with a laugh . `` Obviously . '' 2 / Isle of Dogs Oberst 's bandmate Mike Mogis , 46 , whose own marriage also ended recently , found another kind of inspiration in the animated canine whimsy of a 2018 Wes Anderson film . `` My ex and I were talking about our divorce , but we did n't want to do it in the house because of the kids , '' he recalls . `` So we went to this movie theater and ended up seeing Isle of Dogs together , and the memory of that song -LSB- the West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band 's warbling 1967 ballad `` I Wo n't Hurt You '' -RSB- , it really affected me . I remember coming back and playing my guitar , and I totally ripped it off for a Bright Eyes song . '' 3 / Harrison Ford `` Have you ever watched Harrison Ford in an interview ? '' Nate Walcott , 42 , asks . `` I 'm not even such a big fan of his work necessarily , but he seems like a very intelligent and articulate guy , and I saw him being asked what his favorite Star Wars movie was and his answer is always : ` They 're just bricks . Brick by brick by brick . ' That 's kind of how I feel about these songs because each one has something that I love very much , and if we were to remove it , it would n't be a complete picture . '' 4 / An Unexpected Pepper Of all the guests on the album -- including Queens of the Stone Age drummer Jon Theodore and Warpaint 's Jenny Lee Lindberg -- one may surprise longtime BE fans : `` Nate 's been on tour the last three years with Red Hot Chili Peppers , so Flea ended up playing a bunch on our record , '' says Oberst . `` It 's the most tasteful slap bass you 've ever heard ! '' Walcott promises . `` Slap bass gets a bad rap , but it 's great . '' 5 / Care Bears `` I 've always liked this band called Boards of Canada , '' says Walcott . `` But if you 've ever listened to the musical score from Care Bears , the cartoon from the '80s , it 's incredible . I feel , like , Boards of Canada were listening to Care Bears , actually , because it 's all f -- ed up broken-sounding analog synths . My daughter Aurora , who 's four , has got really into it , and it 's kind of incredible what they were doing in the early ` 80s for animated TV shows , you know ? '' 6 / A Marxophone What 's that wheezy , seesawing organ sound on `` Tilt a Whirl '' and `` Pan and Broom '' ? `` Show her the Marxophone ! '' Oberst commands , grinning . Mogis hoists his laptop to reveal a little brown zither lurking in his Omaha studio that looks like a cross between a very small harpsichord and a Ouija board . `` It makes this eerie sound , '' he explains . `` There 's something kind of creepy about it but also really pretty , I think -- the stuttering aspect of it . '' `` It was meant to sound sort of like a broken organ , '' Walcott adds , `` and we just made it sound more broken . '' 7 / The News ... but Not Too Much `` I made a record a few years ago with my other band , Desaparecidos , called Payola , which is the most overtly political album I 've ever made -- like , literally every song could be a segment on Democracy Now ! -- and no one gave a s -- , '' Oberst says , laughing . `` Obviously we were writing all of these -LSB- Weeds -RSB- songs way before the pandemic or George Floyd , all the things we 're dealing with now , so I feel like you can only write songs for the moment you 're living in ... `` I had been through a lot of changes in my life -LSB- recently -RSB- , and you know how sometimes that makes you want to really expand your horizons or try something totally new and wild ? I kind of felt the opposite -- like I 'm going to just go and make music with my friends , the way we used to do . '' Gallery : Monsta X 's From Seoul With Luv Virtual Concert Photo Diary -LRB- E! -RRB-", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/music/news/how-care-bears-and-harrison-ford-inspired-bright-eyes-down-in-the-weeds-where-the-world-once-was/ar-BB187aGd", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9998723268508911}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9998723268508911}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 0.9947605729103088}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.562842774594098, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgeSH3y", "stitle": "Affidavit : Sex offender grabbed Wichita boy , asked if he wanted to have sex", "seg_title_stem": "affidavit : sex offender grab Wichita boy , ask if he want to have sex", "seg_content": "WICHITA , Kan. -LRB- KAKE -RRB- - A 10-year-old Wichita boy said he went for a walk to a local QuikTrip to get a drink on July 19th when he was approached by a man who asked him how old he was and where he lived . A probable cause affidavit released last week says the man then asked the child if he 'd had sex before . The boy said `` no '' because he was a kid . That 's when the man allegedly grabbed the boy 's wrist and asked the boy if he could have sex with `` that fine -LRB- expletive -RRB- of yours . '' That man , according to police , is 62-year-old Webb Ketcherside , a convicted child sex offender who was last released from prison over five years ago . He 's now charged with attempted kidnapping and aggravated indecent solicitation of a child , jail records state . The boy told police it hurt when Ketcherside grabbed his wrist , but he was sweaty and able to pull away from the man . The document says the child went as fast as he could to the QuikTrip at 750 South Broadway . He was seen in surveillance video entering the store and looking around , rubbing his left wrist `` as if it is in pain . '' He 's contacted by the QT security guard a short time later . The boy said he did not feel safe walking home because an older man asked his age , where he lived and if he wanted to have sex , the security guard told police . Wichita officers responded to the area where the boy said the incident happened and located a man matching the suspect 's description . An officer drove the boy through the area and he said , `` That 's him . '' While being interviewed by a detective with the Exploited and Missing Child Unit , the affidavit says Ketcherside admitted to drinking alcoholic beverages . He also had difficulty communicating . A preliminary breath test showed he had a blood-alcohol level of 0.164 . The interview with Ketcherside was not completed at the time . He remains jailed on $ 75,000 bond and is next due in court on October 22 . Kansas prison and sex offender records show Ketcherside was convicted of indecent solicitation of a 15-year-old girl in Smith Center in 1998 . He last released from prison in March of 2015 .", "url": "https://www.kake.com/story/42511923/affidavit-sex-offender-grabbed-wichita-boy-asked-if-he-wanted-to-have-sex", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012175892840599951, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgecZPs", "stitle": "Potters Fire in Butte County at 600 acres , some evacuation orders lifted | Update", "seg_title_stem": "potter fire in Butte County at 600 acre , some evacuation order lift | Update", "seg_content": "Update 6 p.m. OROVILLE , Calif. -- Some residents who were told to evacuate due from the Potters Fire can now return to their homes , according to Butte County Sheriff 's officials . Just after 5 p.m. , the sheriff 's office tweeted that evacuation orders have been lifted for residents living on the north side of Orange Avenue from the roundabout to Long Bar Road . This also includes residents on the north side of Long Bar Road , all the way to the Feather River . The Potters Fire is currently 600 acres and is 10 % percent contained , according to Cal Fire . EVACUATION WARNINGS LIFTED translated in Spanish and Hmong 8.18.20 5:20 p.m. #PottersFire #ButteSheriff pic.twitter.com/cIsMbb3hIR -- Butte County Sheriff -LRB- @ButteSheriff -RRB- August 19 , 2020 Original story : Roughly 26 fires were started in the Butte Lightning Complex . The largest portion of the complex fires came from the Potters Fire , which Cal Fire is treating as its own incident . As of 7 p.m. on Monday , the Potters Fire burned roughly 800 acres and was 0 % contained according to Cal Fire 's Butte Unit and Butte County Fire Department . Firefighters have located all fires in the complex according to Cal Fire . The complex fires without the Potters Fire grew to 336 acres according to Cal Fire . The Potters Fire started near Potters Ravine Dr and Oregon Gulch Rd , roughly seven miles northeast of Oroville . Butte Lightning Complex -LSB- update -RSB- 26 fires in the unit , largest is #Pottersfire , 800 acres 0 % contained . 2-24 -LRB- Forest Ranch/Doe Mill -RRB- 330 acres 0 % contained . All fires have been located but we are still discovering smokes . Resources have been ordered to assist . -- CAL FIRE Butte Unit/Butte County Fire Department -LRB- @CALFIRE_ButteCo -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Butte County Sheriff 's Office said Tuesday morning the evacuation orders and warnings were still in effect for : Evacuation orders : Potters Ravine Drive Oregon Gulch Road All roads between the Oregon Gulch Road and Cherokee Road Cherokee Road All roads south to the Feather River The north side of Orange Avenue from the roundabout to Long Bar Road The north side of Long Bar Road to the Feather River Evacuation warnings : Glenn Drive to Highway 162 Highway 162 to Canyon Drive Canyon Drive north to the Oroville Dam All roads between the intersection of Table Mountain Boulevard and Montgomery street and Oro-Dam Boulevard . Roads from Oro-Dam Boulevard to Rusty Dusty Road All roads north of the Feather River Canyon Drive going east to Loafer Creek Road Olive Highway north to Lake Oroville Evacuation points are located at Church of the Nazarene Parking lot in Oroville , a large animal shelter at Camelot Equestrian Park in Paradise , and small animal shelter at Old County Hospital in Oroville . Evacuation info for the #PottersFire https://t.co/DtkixKQ2hE -- Butte Public Health -LRB- @BC_PubHealth -RRB- August 18 , 2020 -LRB- Editor 's Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly had evacuation information from the LNU Lightning Complex Fire . The information has been removed . -RRB-", "url": "https://www.abc10.com/article/news/local/wildfire/oroville-potters-fire-butte-lightning-complex/103-22817a5f-9663-4944-9860-bc19727a1ec2", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9615924954414368}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9615924954414368}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05302631126603299, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgen6KL", "stitle": "Logan County deputies seize pounds of marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "Logan County deputy seize pound of marijuana", "seg_content": "MAN , W.Va . -- A Logan County man is in jail , after police reported finding more than two-and-a-half pounds of marijuana in his apartment . Deputies investigating a suspicious person complaint were led to an apartment , where they found 67-year-old Theodore Pack . Pack allowed them to search his apartment , where they found two large bags of marijuana , as well as several individual bags , about a dozen pills and a handgun . Pack reportedly told officers he was selling the drugs to make a living . He is charged with possession with intent to deliver .", "url": "https://mountain-topmedia.com/logan-county-deputies-seize-pounds-of-marijuana/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0384820742952388, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgeplaz", "stitle": "Lundberg 's son arrested on child sex abuse charges", "seg_title_stem": "Lundberg 's son arrest on child sex abuse charge", "seg_content": "SPRINGFIELD , Ore. -- Days after former Springfield mayor Christine Lundberg stepped down , her son has been arrested on child sex abuse charges . Benjamin Lundberg , 39 , faces 10 counts of encouraging child sex abuse in the first degree . Springfield police said the arrest was the result of an ongoing investigation into child pornography . The Eugene Police Department and other jurisdictions in the state , including Internet Crimes Against Children , took part in the investigation . On Aug. 13 , authorities served a search warrant at a home in West Springfield that led to the seizure of numerous digital devices used by Benjamin Lundberg . A forensic examination found evidence of the crimes , police said . The man was taken to the Lane County Jail . He will be arraigned at the jail on Wednesday at 1:30 p.m.", "url": "https://www.kezi.com/content/news/More-details-in-Springfield-mayor-resignation-572150721.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7216509637841159, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgfORMB", "stitle": "20 Sizzling Summer Skin and Hair Picks", "seg_title_stem": "20 sizzle summer skin and hair pick", "seg_content": "Styling by Shayna Mace | Photography by Shanna Wolf L.A. brand SALT & STONE 's SPF 50 zinc oxide-based sunscreen has an extra skin perk : hyaluronic acid , a top-notch skin moisturizer . Also pick up their organic SPF 30 lip balm . $ 18 and $ 6 , Good Day Shop . Tracee Ellis Ross ' Pattern hair care collection is for the `` curliest , coiliest and tightest of textures . '' The Hydrating Mist refreshes and reactivates curls . $ 18 , Ulta . Acure 's award-winning Brightening Face Scrub has sea kelp and French green clay for a facial pick-me-up . $ 9.99 . Target . Milwaukee-based The Sunday Standard 's Rosehip & Sea Buckthorn Night Oil is great for repairing sun-damaged skin . `` Its buriti oil ... is full of antioxidants , which help to reduce and stop free radical damage from the sun , '' says founder Emma Zwissler . $ 74 , Good Day Shop . Local jewelry designer Cire ' Alexandria 's brass hair stick is perfect for anchoring unruly strands in an updo in the summer . $ 29 , Good Day Shop . Slick on Not Your Mother 's Beach Babe Protective Hair Balm before sun exposure for UV protection and moisture . $ 7.99 , Ulta . Made with peppermint and lavender oils , Qēt Botanicals ' Re-Fresh for Clean Hands gives hands on-the-go freshness . $ 9 , Qēt Botanicals . REFRESHED AND RAVISHING Clockwise from top left : Communitie Marfa handwoven hat , $ 69 , Good Day Shop Qēt Botanicals ' Botanical Body Powder absorbs dampness and prevents odor-causing bacteria . $ 30 , Qēt Botanicals Nexxus Clean & Pure Scalp Scrub removes impurities , like product and oil buildup . $ 14.99 , Target Qēt Botanicals ' award-winning Purely Cranberry Serum Boost `` fights free radicals and helps prevent photodamage from environmental stresses and damaging UVA/UVB rays . '' $ 26 , Qēt Botanicals Jergens ' new SOL Sunless Tanning Water Mousse is a no-fuss way to get your bronze on . $ 23.99 , Ulta MACHETE large hoops , $ 36 , Good Day Shop RMS Beauty 's Sublime nail polish , $ 15 , Arch Easily reapply face sunscreen throughout the day with COOLA 's Makeup Setting Spray with SPF 30 . $ 36 , Arch It 's a triple threat : Pacifica 's Sun + Skincare SPF 50 lotion has sunscreen , bronzer , moisturizer and shimmer -- all in one . $ 14 , Ulta Westman Atelier 's Baby Cheeks Blush Stick in Dou Dou can be used on cheeks and lips . $ 50 , Arch Oribe 's Imperméable Anti-Humidity Spray shields hair from frizz . $ 42 , Arch Chantecaille 's Waterproof Brow Definer keeps brows polished and in check . $ 36 , Arch Alleyoop 's Slow Your Roll All-Natural Deodorant fights odor , smells yummy and inhibits hair growth . $ 12 , Ulta", "url": "https://bravamagazine.com/summer-beauty-picks/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Fitness": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.020229976133374288, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgfZGV7", "stitle": "Son arrested on child sex abuse charges 3 days after Springfield mayor 's resignation", "seg_title_stem": "Son arrest on child sex abuse charge 3 day after Springfield mayor 's resignation", "seg_content": "SPRINGFIELD , Ore. - Springfield Mayor Christine Lundberg resigned Saturday , effective immediately . On Tuesday , Springfield Police arrested her son and booked him into the Lane County Jail on 10 counts of felony first degree Encouraging Child Sex Abuse . Police booked Benjamin Daniel Lundberg , 39 , just after 10 a.m. . According to Springfield Police : Lundberg 's arrest was the result of an ongoing investigation into child pornography involving the Springfield Police , the Eugene Police as well as other jurisdictions within the State , including ICAC -LRB- Internet Crimes Against Children -RRB- . On August 13 , 2020 a Search Warrant was served at a residence in West Springfield that resulted in the seizure of numerous digital devices possessed by Benjamin Lundberg . A forensic examination of a portion of the seized devices revealed evidence of the above listed crimes . He is charged under Oregon Revised Statute 163.684 , which reads : -LRB- 1 -RRB- A person commits the crime of encouraging child sexual abuse in the first degree if the person : -LRB- a -RRB- -LRB- A -RRB- Knowingly develops , duplicates , publishes , prints , disseminates , exchanges , displays , finances , attempts to finance or sells a visual recording of sexually explicit conduct involving a child or knowingly possesses , accesses or views such a visual recording with the intent to develop , duplicate , publish , print , disseminate , exchange , display or sell it ; or -LRB- B -RRB- Knowingly brings into this state , or causes to be brought or sent into this state , for sale or distribution , a visual recording of sexually explicit conduct involving a child ; and -LRB- b -RRB- Knows or is aware of and consciously disregards the fact that creation of the visual recording of sexually explicit conduct involved child abuse . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Encouraging child sexual abuse in the first degree is a Class B felony . -LSB- 1995 c. 768 2 ; 2011 c. 515 3 -RSB- Benjamin Lundberg was previously arrested during the mayor 's term of service in 2017 on suspicion of slashing tires . He was later sentenced to 10 days in jail , with credit for time served , and 2 years supervised probation . At the time of his arrest , Mayor Lundberg issued a public statement . `` I want to sincerely apologize to the community , '' she said in 2017 . `` I am very sorry for the actions of my family member . '' The former mayor has not responded to requests for interviews since her resignation was announced Saturday . Prior to her resignation , Mayor Lundberg had voiced support for an investigation into use of force by police during a protest in the Thurston neighborhood of Springfield . That investigation will continue , the City of Springfield confirmed Monday . The status of a blue ribbon panel on racial equity called for by Mayor Lundberg in response to the Black Lives Matter movement is unknown , City staff said . DEVELOPING STORY | This story will be updated", "url": "https://kval.com/news/local/son-arrested-on-child-sex-abuse-charges-3-days-after-springfield-mayors-resignation", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.999981164932251}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.999981164932251}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.22147340168819338, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgfeZLR", "stitle": "Lifetime sex offender arrested again for child molesting", "seg_title_stem": "lifetime sex offender arrest again for child molest", "seg_content": "POSEY CO. , Ind. -LRB- WFIE -RRB- - The Posey County Sheriff 's Office says a man has been arrested for child molesting , and it 's not the first time . The sheriff says there was a complaint of sexual abuse in New Harmony on July 13 . He says the young victim was interviewed at Holly 's House , and she said a man had touched her in a sexual manner . Officials say 67-year-old Delbert Wayne McKinney was arrested . They say he was on parole and a lifetime sex offender after pleading guilty to child molesting in 2018 . -LSB- Previous : New Harmony man charged with child molesting -RSB- McKinney is now charged with child molesting and failure of a sex offender to possess identification . His parole has now been revoked , and he 's being held in jail without bond .", "url": "https://www.wlbt.com/2020/08/18/lifetime-sex-offender-arrested-again-child-molesting/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4490129533312792, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'porn': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgg6dbJ", "stitle": "Rose McGowan accuses Alexander Payne of grooming and having sex with her when she was 15 : ' I was not an adult '", "seg_title_stem": "Rose McGowan accuse Alexander Payne of groom and have sex with she when she be 15 : ' I be not a adult '", "seg_content": "Rose McGowan dropped yet another bombshell allegation last night as she accused Oscar-winning director Alexander Payne of `` grooming '' her and having sex with her when she was just 15 . McGowan , who is now 46 , said that `` for years I had thought a man I had sexual relations with was a sexual experience I had ... I now know I was groomed . '' The ` Planet Terror ' star , who was one of the first women to come forward against Harvey Weinstein as part of the #MeToo movement , alleged that the ordeal caused her to leave the industry and she returned to Hollywood only after being officially `` discovered '' at the age of 21 . McGowan , earlier in the day , had referred to Payne as the `` well-endowed '' man who allegedly `` sat me down and played a soft-core porn movie '' when she was 15 . It later emerged she had first described the incident in 2018 without identifying the filmmaker . `` If you are out there trying to have sex with an underage minor , you are committing a crime , even if the minor does n't know it , '' McGowan revealed in a second ` bomb of truth ' post on Instagram . `` I was attracted to him , so I thought it was on me , but that 's not correct . I was not an adult . '' The ` Scream ' star first asked for ` acknowledgment and an apology ' from the director on Twitter Monday morning . `` Alexander Payne . You sat me down and played a soft-core porn movie you directed for Showtime under a different name , '' she wrote . `` I still remember your apartment in Silverlake . You are very well-endowed . You left me on a street corner afterwards . I was 15 . '' I just want an acknowledgement and an apology . I do not want to destroy . This was me at 15 . pic.twitter.com/XeNpsrpY4s -- Rose McGowan -LRB- @rosemcgowan -RRB- August 17 , 2020 McGowan followed up last night with a lengthy Instagram post in which she detailed the alleged ` grooming ' episode . `` For years I had thought a man I had sexual relations with was a sexual experience I had . I now know I was groomed , '' she declared . `` I auditioned for him at 15 . After my experience with him , I quit acting entirely until I was ` discovered ' at 21 . When that happened , I was like , f *** it , let 's do this . I even tweeted a congratulations on his Oscar win in 2012 , that 's how deep in the Cult of Hollywood I was . '' `` It was n't until three weeks after the Weinstein story broke that I re-evaluated the situation , '' she added . McGowan said she felt bad about `` throwing a bomb into someone 's life and career '' but noted that it was probably `` social conditioning . '' `` I 'm more sad than angry . Sad for 15-year-old me . Sad for the adult me that still thought it was a choice I made , '' she continued . `` Grooming is real . I want you all to know that it 's not your fault if you were mentally massaged into thinking it 's okay . It is not . I know this now . '' `` I would even go up to this director at events and ask him , with a smile , ` remember when you had sex with me at 15 ? ' And I would laugh it off . That is deep societal programming , '' McGowan explained . `` When it happened , I 'd recently been left behind in Hollywood by a family member to fend for myself . The wolves preyed . '' `` Please recognize that if this has happened to you , the shame is not yours , it 's theirs . Give it back . Groomers are skilled operators and at 15 , I was not aware of the warning signs , '' she concluded . `` Goddess bless us all , except for those that abuse their power . Here 's to freedom , yours and mine . '' Payne , now 59 , was 28 at the time of the alleged sexual encounters and has yet to comment on the allegations . The veteran director shot to fame for movies such as Sideways -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , Election -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and About Schmidt -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . If you have a news scoop or an interesting story for us , please reach out at -LRB-323-RRB- 421-7514", "url": "https://meaww.com/rose-mc-gowan-accuses-alexander-payne-raping-soft-core-porn-movie", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.6094952821731567}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.6094952821731567}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02260061842112028, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgg9fpU", "stitle": "Statewide operation leads to arrest of 8 fugitives wanted for child sex crimes", "seg_title_stem": "statewide operation lead to arrest of 8 fugitive want for child sex crime", "seg_content": "SALT LAKE CITY , Utah -LRB- ABC4 News -RRB- -- A `` massive statewide sex offender operation '' leads to the arrest of eight fugitives wanted for child sex crimes and 33 offenders being screened for prosecution or who were arrested , for not abiding by the law . #NOW : U.S. Marshals Dist . of Utah & 11 local agencies are about to release information on a `` massive statewide sex offender operation '' called `` Operation Reboot . '' 8 fugitives wanted for sex crimes were arrested . 33 offenders being screened 4 prosecution or were arrested . @abc4utah pic.twitter.com/GCjCdsInyo -- Brittany Johnson -LRB- @BJohnsonTV -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Eleven agencies from the Wasatch Front , as far as east the Uintah Basin , and down to Washington County and St. George participated in a two-week operation called `` Operation Reboot . '' `` Operation Reboot '' served two purposes : to utilize the U.S. Marshals Service Violent Fugitive Apprehension Team to remove `` violent fugitive sex offenders from Utah communities '' and to have state agencies conduct statewide sex offender compliance checks , `` to ensure Utahns who are convicted sex offenders and who are required by law to register as sex offenders have done so . '' Federal , state , and local law enforcement agencies , worked together to locate fugitive sex offenders who were in violation of the Adam Walsh Act . Under the act , the USMS takes the lead in investigating violations of federal sex offender registration laws and to assist state , local , tribal , and territorial jurisdictions . `` In conjunction with the act 's intent , Operation Reboot placed the highest priority on those who have committed violent acts and crimes against children , '' according to a press release sent out by the U.S. Attorney 's office . `` Operation Reboot '' started on August 3 , with police officers knocking on doors to conduct sex offender compliance checks . `` Compliance checks are used to ensure sex offenders are living at their address of record with the state and to confirm offenders who are required by law to register have done so , '' according to the release . During the operation , officers checked the registration status of nearly 1,000 of the state 's , 8,000 registered sex offenders . Officers found that nearly 20 percent of the offenders checked were non-compliant , meaning they did not meet their registration requirements under Utah law . 8 fugitives wanted for child sex crimes arrested , 33 offenders being screened for prosecution or were arrested during statewide operation.@abc4utah is the only station to ride along w officers as they crackdown on offenders . Exclusive story airs tonight @ 10 . Here 's a preview . pic.twitter.com/2yaxLvN2Kd -- Brittany Johnson -LRB- @BJohnsonTV -RRB- August 19 , 2020 The press release states that , `` those offenders who failed to register include offenders who committed rape against children , parole fugitives , and offenders living in homes with children present . '' Thirty-three offenders are being screened for prosecution or were arrested during the compliance portion of the operation . In addition , the USMS and local officers arrested eight fugitives wanted for sex crimes . Examples include : Scott Swift of Salt Lake City who was wanted for a warrant related to an Unlawful Sexual Activity with a Minor . Alan Shepherd of West Jordan for three counts of Rape of a Child . Adam Liu of Salt Lake City for Failure to Register as Sex Offender after being charged with Unlawful Sexual Activity with a Minor . Rudolfo Jesus Trevino of Salt Lake City for a Parole Violation after being charged and convicted of three counts of Rape of a Child and two counts of Forcible Sexual Abuse and ten counts of Sexual Exploitation of a Minor . These cases will be referred to the United States Attorney 's Office or local prosecutors in these local communities . The operation officially ended on August 14 , but officers have more checks planned in the coming weeks . `` A major priority of my office is to utilize our authority under the Adam Walsh Act to help protect those most vulnerable to sex offenders , '' said Matthew D. Harris , U.S. Marshal for the District of Utah . `` There is nothing more important than protecting our children and our community from child sex predators . An operation of this size and complexity is no easy task , but if it saves just one child or potential victim from a sex offender who has gone unchecked , it 's worth every dime we put into the operation . '' `` Before COVID-19 kids had School Resource Officers , teachers , counselors , and friends to lean on if abuse was occurring in the home . In our current times some kids are being exposed to unsupervised sex offenders . The purpose of the checks the US Marshals and local law enforcement are conducting is to make sure sex offenders are living up to the requirements the court has mandated . The whole objective of the visits is to keep our children safe , '' explained Steve Labrum with the Uintah County Sheriff 's Office . The U.S. Marshals Service VFAST is responsible for more than 125 sex offender arrests in the last 18 months . Agencies who participated in ` Operation Reboot ' include : Heber City PD Park City PD Provo PD Salt Lake City PD St. George PD Utah County Sheriff 's Office Uintah County Sheriff 's Office Vernal PD Wasatch County Sheriffs Office Washington County Sheriffs Office West Jordan PD If you or someone you know is a victim of a child sex crime , report it through the Safe UT App , or call the State Abuse and Neglect Hotline at -LRB-855-RRB- 323-3237 . WATCH THE FULL NEWS CONFERENCE : ABC4 's Brittany Johnson received exclusive , unprecedented access to ` Operation Reboot . ' Tonight , on ABC4 News at 10 , watch as she hits the streets with law enforcement during their compliance checks .", "url": "https://www.abc4.com/news/local-news/statewide-operation-leads-to-arrest-of-8-suspects-wanted-for-child-sex-crimes/?utm_campaign=socialflow&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_medium=referral", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10636956238062335, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WggFcro", "stitle": "Thomas Rhett 's wife opens up about why they both chose to save sex for marriage", "seg_title_stem": "Thomas Rhett 's wife open up about why they both choose to save sex for marriage", "seg_content": "Thomas Rhett and Lauren Akins said their `` I dos '' in 2012 , but their love story started much earlier than that . In her new book , `` Live in Love , '' Akins writes openly about those early days and about their early decision to save sex until marriage -- long before they knew they would eventually marry each other . The couple met back in the ` 90s , as first graders attending the same elementary school in Nashville , Tennessee . But it took five more years and five more grades before a trip to summer camp led Rhett and Akins to become close . And by the time they hit high school , love was in the air . At least for a while . When Akins and the would-be country crooner went off to college , they went their separate ways and each became serious about other people . But in time , their old bond brought them back together and they found themselves considering matrimony . `` See , for as long as we 'd been dating other people , even through all the growing up and experimenting we 'd done as we both went off to college , we 'd both stayed true to our values , '' Akins wrote . `` We were both virgins . We 'd taken our parents ' words and our youth leaders ' words to heart , and there was something so special about knowing we were starting from the same place as we thought about getting married . '' The 30-year-old explained that both she and Rhett were `` so grateful '' that their previous partners shared their views , which helped them both stay on track before they rekindled their old flame . `` If either of us had dated people who did n't have the same values , who knows what might have happened ? '' she wondered . `` I mean , do n't get me wrong , it 's not like we did n't kiss a ton or get a little too close a few times . We just always made a choice to stop short of breaking the promise we 'd made : to save ourselves for marriage . '' And as they readied themselves to walk down the aisle , they suddenly knew what they 'd actually saved themselves for -- each other . `` Was it perfect ? '' Akins wrote of their wedding night . `` I do n't know how to answer that ! We could n't compare it to anything else , and we did n't have to -- because our first time together was just ours . '' https://www.instagram.com/p/B__cSeNAbeX But as the mother of three told us during a Tuesday morning visit to TODAY , when it comes to their union , she does n't really concern herself with perfection anyway , and she hopes she communicates that to her readers . `` We are really happy , and we do love being married , and we do love our kids , but I think that we struggle just like every couple does , '' she said . `` Every day is not easy and our kids are not perfect , our marriage is not perfect , and I do n't have a perfect view of myself . So I just think being vulnerable and honest is just something that our world really needs right now . ''", "url": "https://www.today.com/popculture/thomas-rhett-s-wife-opens-about-why-they-both-chose-t189728?cid=sm_npd_td_fb_ma", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000063180923462}, "second_cat": {"Society_Relationships": 1.0000063180923462}, "third_cat": {"Society_Relationships_Other": 1.0000063180923462}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009701401416215805, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WggJXpZ", "stitle": "Worth Co. marijuana grow spotted by air , arrest made", "seg_title_stem": "Worth Co. marijuana grow spot by air , arrest make", "seg_content": "WORTH COUNTY , Ga. -LRB- WALB -RRB- - On Aug. 12 , law enforcement discovered a marijuana growing operation in rural Worth County . The Worth County Sheriff 's Office said in a release that the Georgia State Patrol Governor 's Task Force contacted the sheriff 's office narcotics unit to let them know that the marijuana grow operation had been spotted by the aviation unit . It was south of Warwick , on Bundrick Moore Road in a wooded area surrounded by fields , according to the sheriff 's office . The Worth County Narcotics Unit responded to the location where three growing plots of marijuana was found , and 53 marijuana plants were seized from the locations . The plants ranged from two to eight feet tall . Further investigation by the Worth County Narcotics Unit led to the arrest of Reginal Lee Moore , 63 , of Warwick , for the manufacture of marijuana . Moore was previously convicted of manufacturing marijuana in March 2015 for cases that were made against him in July 2014 and August 2014 , according to the sheriff 's office . The sheriff 's office said this case is still under investigation and more charges may be pending . If you have information that may help authorities , you 're asked to call the Worth County Sheriff 's Office at -LRB-229-RRB- 776-8211 .", "url": "https://www.walb.com/2020/08/18/worth-co-marijuana-grow-spotted-by-air-arrest-made/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9868091940879822}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9868091940879822}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.45660528548522206, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'penis': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'penis': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WggUSSH", "stitle": "Golden State Killer Had to Sit There While Survivors Made Fun of His ` Inadequate ' Penis in Court -LRB- WATCH -RRB-", "seg_title_stem": "Golden State killer have to sit there while survivor make fun of he ` Inadequate ' Penis in Court -lrb- watch -rrb-", "seg_content": "Three days have been scheduled for victim impact statements in the Golden State Killer sentencing hearing . On the first day , defendant Joseph James DeAngelo , 74 , had to sit there while family members of the rape survivors said he had a `` little '' penis . `` He truly is an evil monster with no soul , '' said survivor Patricia Murphy in a statement read by her daughter in court . `` Did his little penis drive him to be so angry all the time ? Did he study criminology so he could carry out his evil deeds as a bad cop without getting caught ? Did his wife and daughter suspect anything ? '' Murphy said DeAngelo attacked her on September 4 , 1976 when she was loading a basket of laundry into the car . #GSK -- Daughter of survivor Patricia Murphy reads her mother 's victim impact statement , `` Did his little penis cause him to be so angry all the time ? '' #JosephDeAngelo pic.twitter.com/9Wu7AQSskz -- Law & Crime Network -LRB- @LawCrimeNetwork -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Authorities said that DeAngelo committed over 120 burglaries from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s , committing 50 rapes and 13 murders along the way . `` He punched me in the face and broke my nose , '' wrote Murphy . `` I had a concussion from falling backwards and hitting my head on the driveway . I saw stars . I lost consciousness . '' She was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder . The cases went unsolved for decades until authorities matched suspect DNA to a genealogy database . Police tracked down DeAngelo , a former Exeter police officer fired in 1979 for shoplifting a hammer and dog repellent . In the end , the defendant technically pleaded guilty only to 13 counts of murder , and other kidnapping charges . Others , including the rape cases , reached the statute of limitations . Nonetheless , he admitted to those uncharged counts in court . That gave Murphy and others and chance to speak in court . Peter Schultz , who spoke on behalf of his mother , father , and sister , said the defendant broke into their home in Carmichael , California on October 18 , 1976 . DeAngelo tied the 11-year-old Schultz to a bedpost , locked up the 5-year-old sister , and `` performed horrific acts '' on his mother . `` Our mother is not Jane Doe No. 22 and we are not just No. 37 uncharged offense , '' he said . `` We are the family of Winnie Schultz and we have all survived because of her bravery and resolve to do whatever it took to save herself and her family . '' Schultz said their case was the seventh in the Sacramento area , and the one known for bringing attention to the growing danger of the serial crimes . Officers asked Winnie Schultz if the attacker he had any recognizable tattoos or scars . She said her head was covered the entire time , and she was bound , but `` she was certain he had a very inadequate penis . '' For emphasis , Pete Schultz extended his pinky finger . `` DeAngelo may have stolen our mother 's wedding ring , her jewelry , and $ 250 in donation monies I had collected intended for the American Cancer Society , but he did not steal our hopes , our dreams , and the spirit of our family , '' Pete Schultz said . DeAngelo is set to be formally sentenced on Friday . Prosecutors said Monday that the jailhouse videos indicate DeAngelo is n't the feeble man he is making himself out to be . One video , which the judge did not allow to be played in court , purportedly shows DeAngelo `` committing a sexual act while watching someone outside of his cell . '' -LSB- Screengrab of DeAngelo -LRB- left , wearing orange -RRB- and Pete Schultz -LRB- right -RRB- via Law & Crime Network -RSB- Have a tip we should know ? -LSB- email protected -RSB-", "url": "https://lawandcrime.com/live-trials/live-trials-current/golden-state-killer/golden-state-killer-had-to-sit-there-while-survivors-made-fun-of-his-inadequate-penis-in-court-watch/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7493569995277565, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WggXyy8", "stitle": "Influencer 's ` Sex and the City ' apartment has TikTok in a tizzy", "seg_title_stem": "Influencer 's ` sex and the City ' apartment have TikTok in a tizzy", "seg_content": "She has n't resorted to storing her shoes in the oven -- yet . But flaunting her 500-square-foot Upper East Side apartment while surrounded by hundreds of designer shoes and handbags , Allie Provost has become TikTok 's Carrie Bradshaw . The lifestyle photographer and blogger has racked up more than 3 million views since posting a video tour -- set to the jazzy `` Sex and the City '' theme song -- in June of her pink abode : complete with display cases full of headbands and designer baubles , shelves of Chanel and Dior mini bags , a garment rack overflowing with colorful frocks and two 6-foot-tall wardrobes lined with candy-colored rows of shoes from designers like Jimmy Choo and Mia Becar . -LRB- At last count , she had 154 pairs . -RRB- `` I definitely wanted to play into the Upper East Side Carrie fashionista fantasy , '' said Provost of her viral video . `` It 's a nod to the queen . '' TikTok commenters took notice , with @savannahsteel writing , `` I did n't know Carrie Bradshow was on tik tok , '' and @tarakellie posting , `` Okay but this gives me SATC vibes and I 'm living for it . '' Or , as @rosieeposie put it : `` Girl , Carrie Bradshaw who ? '' Another commenter , @esanschaise , perfectly nailed Provost 's signature posh and preppy style ; they asked , `` Do you live in a Kate Spade ad ?? '' In fact , the 27-year-old , who grew up watching `` Sex and the City '' reruns in Birmingham , Michigan , earned her fashion bona fides working in retail sales for Kate Spade . `` That 's where I learned all things sequins , polka dots and bows , '' Provost said , noting that she first studied finance at George Washington University in Washington , DC . She moved into the apartment two years ago and enlisted interior designer Shannon Claire to help transform the space so that her fashion treasures doubled as home decor . In addition to decorating a wall with her collection of prim sun hats and mounting the accessories on the walls as if they were in a museum exhibit , Claire recommended storing extra items inside ottomans . Provost described her style as `` feminine , colorful , midcentury modern with a pinch of grandma chic . '' And just as Carrie was known for gallivanting around the city in a tutu , Provost thinks nothing of donning a tulle gown for a weekend brunch with her girlfriends . `` One of the great things about living in New York is you can get away with wearing whatever you feel like , '' she said . As for the commenter who watched her TikTok tour and wrote : `` That 'll be $ 84,000 a month thank you , '' Provost said she pays less than $ 2,800 for her pad . She wo n't reveal if there 's a Mr. Big in her life , but Provost said she does prep dates before bringing them back to her exceedingly girly jewel box of a home . `` I always say , ` I make a living on Instagram -- you can get that eye roll out of the way now , ' '' she said . Provost , who has more than 35,000 followers on Instagram -LRB- @allieprovost -RRB- and over 52,000 on TikTok -LRB- @allie . provost -RRB- , has been at it full time for the last three years , since leaving a management job at Bloomingdale 's . She was primarily photographing campaigns for other influencers but said that her work `` came to a screeching halt '' because of the pandemic . Since then , Provost has produced shoots for brands like high-fashion wholesale club Few Moda and preppy women 's clothing label Sail to Sable , all in her apartment . Besides selling her photos on her site , PretAProvost.com , she has started to collaborate with other bloggers at a distance . And the influencer has learned something : While she loves Carrie 's style , she 's also moved on from the character 's flighty approach to life . `` When I was younger , I definitely thought I was a Carrie , '' Provost said . `` But now I think I relate more to Miranda as a strong woman focused on her career . ''", "url": "https://nypost.com/2020/08/18/influencers-sex-and-the-city-apartment-has-tiktok-in-a-tizzy/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.32005264778320397, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'nudity': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'nudity': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WggdyFg", "stitle": "S5 of ` Lucifer ' and movie nudity doc debut", "seg_title_stem": "s5 of ` Lucifer ' and movie nudity doc debut", "seg_content": "The new season of `` Lucifer '' arrives on Netflix , and a documentary about the history of Hollywood nudity revealed on VOD . Rick Damigella reports .", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/video/popculture/s5-of-lucifer-and-movie-nudity-doc-debut/vi-BB187aHU", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022050843805327264, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WggfjBb", "stitle": "Naval officer caught in child sex-trafficking sting sentenced to federal prison", "seg_title_stem": "Naval officer catch in child sex-trafficking sting sentence to federal prison", "seg_content": "WOODBINE , Ga. -- A Naval officer who was one of nine men indicted last summer in a child sex trafficking bust in Georgia was sentenced to more than five years in federal prison . Charles Barreras , 49 , of Kingsland , pleaded guilty to attempted coercion and enticement and was sentenced to 62 months in federal prison . He will be required to register as a sex offender and serve 10 years of supervised release after his prison term . The federal system has no parole . The sting , dubbed Operation Do You Know Your Neighbor ? , was coordinated by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force . Barreras is a lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy stationed at Submarine Base Kings Bay in Kingsland . `` As predators attempt to use cyberspace to contact children for evil intentions , our law enforcement partners will remain vigilant in identifying and stopping pedophiles like Barreras , '' said U.S. Attorney Bobby L. Christine . `` Any adult who intends to contact children for illicit purposes should live in fear that their crimes will be uncovered -- and like Barreras , they will go to prison . '' Three of the remaining defendants in the operation have been sentenced to federal prison , while others await sentencing after entering guilty pleas , or are awaiting trial . `` The sentences that continue to be handed down as a result of this successful multiagency operation should serve as a stern warning for sexual predators who target children where Department of the Navy personnel live and work , '' said NCIS Southeast Field Office Special Agent in Charge Tom Cannizzo . `` NCIS and our state and local partners are dedicated to working together to keep our communities safe for children . '' The sting was set up by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and the GBI 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force for the purpose of identifying adults who were seeking out children for indecent purposes . Other agencies participating in the investigation included the Camden County Sheriff 's Office , the Kingsland Police Department , the Effingham County Sheriff 's Office and the Savannah Police Department . `` This sentence demonstrates that no matter who you are , even a ranking official in the armed forces , you will be held accountable for preying on children , '' said GBI Director Vic Reynolds . `` We value our law enforcement partnerships to be able to work together in these type operations to catch the criminals who seek to harm one of our most vulnerable populations . ''", "url": "https://www.news4jax.com/news/georgia/2020/08/18/naval-officer-caught-in-child-sex-trafficking-sting-sentenced-to-federal-prison/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11371395075643957, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgghwuk", "stitle": "Cannabis Finance Experts Chat Banking Challenges , Payments & Regulatory Compliance", "seg_title_stem": "cannabis Finance expert Chat Banking challenge , payment & Regulatory Compliance", "seg_content": "At the Benzinga virtual Cannabis Capital Conference on Tuesday , a panel of finance experts discussed common myths about banking in the cannabis industry and the types of financing challenges that still exist for US cannabis companies . Transparency Is Key : Edith Farrell , BSA Officer at Union Bank , said transparency is key for both the cannabis companies themselves and the banks that service them . `` We 've got to be able to understand every single transaction that goes through their bank account . We have to look at every deposit , we look at every withdrawal , '' Farrell said . She said some of that monitoring is done manually , but the bank also has two software programs in place to make sure all of their customers ' finances are completely transparent . `` Coming from the caregiver 's side , they 're not conditioned to having somebody look over their shoulder , so that 's been a huge hurdle for them to get used to just having to provide even the information we need to open the bank account , '' she said . Juggling Federal And Local Laws : Patricia Herndon , Senior Vice President of Government Affairs for the Michigan Bankers Association , said cannabis banking industry as a whole has had a difficult task in working with regulators and policymakers in a business that is constantly evolving and at odds with federal laws . `` The issue becomes what banks are essentially doing for their state-legal cannabis customers is money laundering . And its money laundering with the oversight and ... transparency with our federal regulators saying this is within our risk tolerance , '' Herdnon said . While many cannabis entrepreneurs are used to creative problem solving and finding practical work-arounds , Herdnon said taking this approach to payments or banking in the cannabis space can be very dangerous . `` The idea of being cute or doing something that is a pragmatic workaround could end up working to your detriment , '' she said . The SAFE Act would be a major step in the right direction in reducing the risk associated with banking in the cannabis business , according to Herdnon . Leveraging Data : Adam Crabtree , CEO & Founder of NCS Analytics , said all these regulations and compliance measures are creating massive amounts of data . `` When the data is leveraged correctly , it can make a lot of the more difficult aspects of either the regulator 's job or the financial institution 's job significantly easier . Being able to look into some of these companies and understand how they do what they do and getting a firm understanding of that ensures that you 're comfortable with it , '' Crabtree said . Crabtree said the more transparency cannabis licensees have with their businesses , the more willing banks will be to enter the cannabis space . Dangers Of Payment Processing : Tyler Beuerlein , Chief Revenue Officer for Hypur , said payment processing has been a particularly challenging area for US cannabis companies , with countless applications coming and going in recent years . Not even the SAFE Act will be enough for major credit card companies to get on board with cannabis , according to Beuerlein . `` The branded card networks are not coming into the cannabis industry until federal legality , period . The SAFE Act does not change that , '' he said . Beuerlein said one of his biggest concerns of late has been the use of reverse ATMs and cashless ATMs , both of which are illegal . `` People do n't yet realize that those are also not permissible and fraudulent . It 's not just that retailers are launching these products . It 's also that technology providers are partnering with these companies , and they 're raising money based on potential revenues from transaction volume . And as an investor , if I do n't understand the payment landscape as it relates to cannabis , it 's really easy for me to get in hot water with an investment , '' he said .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17146089/cannabis-finance-experts-chat-banking-challenges-payments-regulatory-compliance", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.015455198532006397, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WggiOJB", "stitle": "This Mobile Tool Helps Cannabis Retailers Adapt To ` New Normal '", "seg_title_stem": "this Mobile Tool help Cannabis Retailers Adapt to ` New normal '", "seg_content": "Social distancing is now a common practice , with many businesses responsibly asking customers to maintain a distance of at least six feet from each other . Some have implemented solutions like painting lines on the floor or using stickers , while others have opted for tech-enabled solutions . For the cannabis retailer , considered essential in many jurisdictions , these social distancing measures can create very specific challenges because of their unique security needs and constraints , as well as regulatory requirements . Seeking to help cannabis -LRB- and non-cannabis -RRB- retailers remain open in this environment , while serving the public responsibly and efficiently , a company out of Pasadena , California has come up with a solution . Enter QLess , a line-management and customer experience platform for mobile queuing that eliminates the need for lines and waiting rooms . QLess enables virtual check-ins through a dedicated online portal . Real-time SMS updates keep customers posted on their place in line and wait time . `` Cannabis retailers face unique issues when it comes to managing customer flow , '' says CEO Kevin Grauman . `` Our system is used by hundreds of organizations in many industries and is perfectly positioned to help solve the logistics of social distancing . QLess virtually eliminates lines -LRB- and crowded waiting rooms -RRB- , while allowing the establishment to continue to meet its customers ' needs . '' Other features QLess offers include appointment follow-ups with customers and virtual call-back queues . Courtesy image .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17143218/this-mobile-tool-helps-cannabis-retailers-adapt-to-new-normal", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.003296320163562805, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WggieEh", "stitle": "Council members move forward with medical marijuana plans", "seg_title_stem": "Council member move forward with medical marijuana plan", "seg_content": "ALPENA , Mich. -- The application deadline for businesses interested in opening a medical marijuana facility in Alpena has officially closed . The deadline wrapped up Monday , so far with five applicants hoping to be selected . All applications will be reviewed by Alpena City council members who will grade them using a rubric scale . Only two medical marijuana business licenses will be granted for operation within city limits . The Alpena city manager will determine the two finalists this year .", "url": "http://www.wbkb11.com/council-members-move-forward-with-medical-marijuana-plans", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3372799005506138, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'coitus': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgglmBs", "stitle": "Couple caught having sex during Rio de Janeiro council Zoom meeting", "seg_title_stem": "couple catch have sex during Rio de Janeiro council Zoom meeting", "seg_content": "A group of Rio de Janeiro leaders got an X-rated sideshow during a Zoom meeting about school meals -- when one of the participants forgot to turn off his camera and began having sex in the background , according to a report . Remarkably , the seven Brazilian councilors maintained their composure as the amorous couple got busy until the staff member was seen sitting up on the bed with a woman , the UK 's Metro reported . `` As soon as we noticed what was happening , we immediately asked the people controlling the audio and video of the participants to take it off the feed , '' said Leonel Brizola , a member of the Socialism and Liberty Party who chaired the meeting . `` Us councilors and other participants do not have any input in controlling or editing videos on Zoom , '' added Brizola , who called the raunchy interlude an `` involuntary indiscretion . '' He said the meeting about how to guarantee food for students during the pandemic continued for four hours after the coitus interruptus .", "url": "https://nypost.com/2020/08/18/couple-caught-having-sex-during-rio-de-janeiro-council-zoom-meeting/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.959583205714014, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1, 'thong': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wggvhqn", "stitle": "Jojo Babie Lets It All Hang Out In A Tiny Peach Bikini", "seg_title_stem": "Jojo Babie let it all Hang out In A Tiny Peach Bikini", "seg_content": "Jojo Babie is back in a bikini on Instagram , much to the delight of her fans . The social media star took to her account on Tuesday to heat things up with a booty-baring snap of her relaxing on the beach . She posed in profile to the camera , sitting on her knees in the sand while stretching her arms out behind her to prop up her upper body . It appeared to be a perfect day to relax on the beach , as indicated by the cloudless blue sky and golden sun that spilled down over the model as she worked the lens . Jojo let it all hangout as she rocked a minuscule peach two-piece for her day under the sun . The swimwear included a halter-style top that was hardly enough to contain her voluptuous assets , spilling cleavage out from nearly every angle as she worked the camera . A tie-front closure was knotted tightly in the middle of her bust to further highlight her ample chest , while its thin straps showcased her toned arms and shoulders . The model 's matching bikini bottoms made for an even racier display , however , her audience hardly seemed bothered by the NSFW scene . The piece boasted a daringly high-cut and cheek thong style that exposed Jojo 's famous booty nearly in its entirety , as well as a peek at her sculpted thighs . Meanwhile , the number 's curved waistband sat high up on her hips , drawing attention to her toned stomach and hourglass silhouette . Jojo opted to leave her luscious blond hair down for the day . Her tresses spilled messily down her arm while a few locks fell to frame her face as she turned her head over her shoulder to meet the camera with a fierce stare . View this post on Instagram From 1-10 how thick do you like your woman ? ???????????? @itsmejojobabie A post shared by I AM JOJO BABiE ✨ -LRB- @jojo_babie -RRB- on Aug 18 , 2020 at 8:12 am PDT As per usual with the model 's snaps , fans quickly began showering the new upload with love . The post has racked up nearly 46,000 likes within three hours of going live . Hundreds flocked to the comments section as well to compliment the star on her latest jaw-dropping display . `` You are perfect , '' one person wrote . `` Gorgeous as usual , '' praised another fan . `` You are a goddess amongst mortals Jojo , '' a third follower remarked . `` You are a 10 , '' added a fourth admirer . Jojo is hardly shy about flaunting her assets on her Instagram page . Another upload from last week saw her showing off her round booty in a black thong bodysuit . Fans went wild for that look as well , awarding the shot over 99,000 likes and 3,211 comments to date .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6231959/jojo-babie-peach-bikini/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.5834065675735474}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.5834065675735474}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.882021900732581, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WggwJpG", "stitle": "Teddi Mellencamp shares refreshingly honest postpartum bikini photos", "seg_title_stem": "Teddi Mellencamp share refreshingly honest postpartum bikini photo", "seg_content": "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Teddi Mellencamp looks , well , perfect in most of the photos she shares on her Instagram , and of course , the star is well-dressed and coiffed in episodes of her Bravo reality show . But it turns out the 39-year-old mom of three is just like most moms , because she too has had to work hard to accept her body after baby . In fact , Mellencamp has learned to love her `` flaws '' after welcoming baby , Dove , in February -- she is also a mama to Cruz , age 6 , and Slate , age 7 , with her husband Edwin Arroyave -LRB- via ET Online -RRB- . In a refreshingly honest Instagram post shared over the weekend , the reality star opened up about wearing a bikini just five months after her daughter 's birth . `` It 's easy to lose ourselves in comparison -- how we perceive our bodies vs others , '' Mellencamp relatably shared , adding , `` We too often default to self-criticism and forget about the effort we 've put in to get to here . '' The RHOBH mainstay went on to admit in the candid post , `` It 's taken years of work for me to feel comfy enough to head to a beach day and only think about the good times I 'll be having with the kiddos , rather than things not fully in my control . And even so , I can snap a pic feeling confident in my bikini but the reality is the stretch marks and loose skin are there . '' Teddi Mellencamp gets even more candid in her courageous bikini post Looking at the photo of the famous mom , one might wonder , Um , what stretch marks ? What loose skin ? Well , in addition to her post , Mellencamp also bravely shared a video that bared stretch marks on her thighs and loose belly skin . '' ` How come you do n't have stretch marks ? ' '' she says people will ask her . `` Oh , I got these bad boys , '' the mama says , showing a close-up of her thighs . `` Loose skin ? Got it , '' she admits , pulling down her bikini bottom to reveal her truth . `` I just wear my high-waist bikinis and embrace what 's goin ' on . '' `` They tell my story , '' Mellencamp 's post goes on to say about her post-baby body . She finishes the powerful post : `` So today , I am heading to the beach feeling good about myself because that 's the only way it should be . '' Teddi , we applaud your honesty and hope it empowers other moms to embrace their bodies postpartum , stretch marks , loose skin and all !", "url": "https://www.thelist.com/237800/teddi-mellencamp-shares-refreshingly-honest-postpartum-bikini-photos/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9999072551727295}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9999072551727295}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009155225443214463, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgh19aA", "stitle": "Humboldt County Based Cannabis Infused Chew Company Hires Former Big Tobacco Executive to Lead the Business", "seg_title_stem": "Humboldt County base Cannabis Infused Chew Company hire Former Big tobacco Executive to lead the business", "seg_content": "Press release from Boldt Runners Corporation : Boldt Runners Corp. -LRB- the `` Company '' -RRB- , the exclusive licensee of Cannadips CBD , the Original Smokeless Dip Pouch with CBD , is pleased to announce the appointment of former Altria executive , Peter Diatelevi , as Chief Executive Officer . Peter will assume day to day leadership of the Company and will also join the Company 's Board of Directors . As Diatelevi takes his place as CEO , the Company 's co-founder Case Mandel will move into an operational role as President and will continue to lead product innovation within the organization . Mandel has also been appointed Chairman of the Company 's Board of Directors and will continue to oversee the direction of the product and brand . Diatelevi has over twenty years ' experience leading field sales and sales operations at Altria Group , Inc. , the largest U.S. tobacco manufacturer . During his time at Altria , Diatelevi has held various senior executive roles , including Vice President Region Sales and Vice President of Sales Operations . His responsibilities included customer service and supply chain logistics , trade marketing , sales analytics , sales infrastructure , and state and trade relations . In addition , Diatelevi was instrumental in leading the strategic analysis and creation of Ste Michelle Wine Estates ' future operating plans . `` As a co-founder it is an honor to be at a stage in the business where you have the opportunity to hire someone with over 20 years of tobacco and CPG experience on a national scale , '' said Mandel . `` I am excited to hand off CEO duties to Peter and work alongside him as the President of the Boldt Runners . Peter is the right person for the job , and I am confident in his ability to execute the plan and take this company to the next level . '' Skilled at evaluating organizational and operational efficacy , and implementing solutions that improve ROI , Diatelevi will be instrumental in helping the Company complete its $ 5 million Series A fundraising round , of which to date , the Company has raised $ 3 million . The funds will go toward hiring experienced CPG executive talent , enhancing in-house manufacturing , and executing the go to market strategy at both retail and online . `` I am honored to be leading the Boldt Runners Corporation and joining such an amazing team . In this evolving product space , the Cannadips brand is off to a great start . We are extremely fortunate to have outstanding partners that bring strong operational expertise and a true spirit of innovation . I look forward to driving the future success of the Cannadips brand and technology platform . '' About Boldt Runners Corporation The Boldt Runners Corporation is based in the heart of Humboldt County , California . Boldt Runners manufacturers , markets and sells Cannadips CBD -- the Original Smokeless Dip Pouch with CBD , which has been built on the same values of quality , craftsmanship , and innovation that have made the Humboldt County region world-famous . Since 2016 , Cannadips CBD has been paving the way to a full flavor experience for traditional dippers without tobacco or nicotine . Cannadips CBD comes in five core flavors ; American Spice , Natural Mint , Tangy Citrus , Tropical Mango , and Fresh Wintergreen and can be found in over 5,000 stores nationwide . Cannadips CBD is on a growth trajectory and is poised to provide more fantastic flavor and form options for the traditional adult smokeless tobacco consumer looking for alternatives . No tobacco , No nicotine , All flavor . For further information please check out www.cannadipscbd.com .", "url": "https://kymkemp.com/2020/08/18/humboldt-county-based-cannabis-infused-chew-company-hires-former-big-tobacco-executive-to-lead-the-business/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.20123009980331477, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WghXi5z", "stitle": "Hasbrouck Heights Package Loader , 19 , Charged With Having Sex With Underage Girl", "seg_title_stem": "Hasbrouck Heights Package Loader , 19 , charged with have sex with underage Girl", "seg_content": "A 19-year-old package loader from Hasbrouck Heights was charged with having sex with a girl more than four years younger than him . Jonathan Bonilla was booked into the Bergen County Jail following his arrest late Monday on charges of sexual assault and child endangerment . Hasbrouck Heights police received a complaint Sunday night alleging that Bonilla `` engaged in sexual penetration '' with the teen , Bergen County Prosecutor Mark Musella said . Members of Musella 's Special Victims Unit arrested him following an investigation with borough police , the prosecutor said . Under New Jersey state law , statutory rape occurs when one of the partners is between 13 and 16 and the other is at least four years older . Those adults who claim `` she/he looked 18 ″ -- or said the victim showed a fake ID -- have no defense , under what is known as the standard of strict liability . An adult also ca n't claim that he or she was seduced . If convicted , an adult faces up to 10 years in prison if the youngster was between 13 and 16 . Penalties are much more severe if the child is younger than that . Convicted adults also must register as Megan 's Law offenders , with lifetime parole . Defendants in statutory rape cases also can be sued in civil court for personal injury . Bonilla will remain in the jail pending a first appearance in Central Judicial Processing Court in Hackensack . to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .", "url": "https://dailyvoice.com/new-jersey/mahwah/police-fire/hasbrouck-heights-package-loader-19-charged-with-having-sex-with-underage-girl/792711/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.30522344440863447, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WghXmct", "stitle": "FBI arrests NW Ohio priest on sex trafficking charges", "seg_title_stem": "FBI arrest NW Ohio priest on sex trafficking charge", "seg_content": "FINDLAY , OH -LRB- WCMH -RRB- -- A Findlay priest was arrested and is facing federal charges of sex trafficking of a minor , among others . According to the Cleveland Division of the FBI , Michael Zacharias , 53 , was arrested Tuesday , and federally charged with coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud , or coercion . The FBI says Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990 's . The Diocese of Toledo says Zacharias was a priest and pastor of St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , and has been placed on administrative leave effective immediately . `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests . The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation , '' said Bishop Daniel Thomas . Zacharias was ordained a priest in 2002 and these are the first such allegations to be raised against him , according to the Diocese of Toledo . The FBI is asking anyone who has had contact with Zacharias where they may have been `` groomed '' for possible future sexual purposes , they were inappropriately touched , or they were sexually assaulted by Zacharias to contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 .", "url": "https://www.nbc4i.com/news/state-news/fbi-arrest-nw-ohio-priest-on-sex-trafficking-charges/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.17947909609574692, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WghgxGZ", "stitle": "Dick 's Sporting Goods announces release of limited edition Vols colorway sneakers", "seg_title_stem": "Dick 's Sporting Goods announce release of limited edition vol colorway sneaker", "seg_content": "KNOXVILLE , Tenn. -LRB- WATE -RRB- -- Vols fans , coming up on Sept. 4 is College Colors Day and Dick 's Sporting Goods is among other retailers that are releasing some limited Tennessee Nike sneakers . College Colors day is on Friday , Sept. 4 and Dick 's Sporting Goods says that the Nike Air Zoom Pegasus 37 's -LRB- in the Tennessee colorway -RRB- will be released on Thursday , Aug. 20 online and in-store . `` Despite the uncertainty around college football , the 16th annual College Colors Day holiday will take place on Friday , Sept. 4 -LRB- Labor Day Weekend -RRB- and will serve as a moment to unify all fans by wearing college colors together . The holiday has grown each year , especially on social media as fans nationwide , athletes , celebrities and more don their colors to voice their own celebration with #CollegeColorsDay . '' Dick 's Sporting Goods The shoes will be in men 's and women 's sizes selling for $ 129.99 .", "url": "https://www.wate.com/sports/orange-and-white-nation/dicks-sporting-goods-announces-release-of-limited-edition-vols-colorway-sneakers/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000081062316895, "EventsNotices": 0.5434224009513855, "Sports": 0.9648256897926331}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 1.0000081062316895, "Sports_Other": 0.9648256897926331}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.929226524925054, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'bra': 1, 'flaunt': 1, 'crap': 1, 'os': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wghio4C", "stitle": "Ellie Goulding Flaunts Toned Arms & Chiseled Abs In Sweaty Gym Selfie", "seg_title_stem": "Ellie Goulding flaunt Toned arm & Chiseled ab in sweaty gym selfie", "seg_content": "Ellie Goulding showcased her phenomenal physique in a new Instagram post on Tuesday . The `` Love Me Like You Do '' singer shared a selfie from one of her latest gym sessions while discussing the importance of fitness for her mental health . The photo appeared to have been snapped post-workout , as the 33-year-old was damp with sweat all over her body . She was in a small gym that contained a treadmill and weight bench , as well as a pull-up bar and several dumbells that rested on the ground around her feet . She posed in front of a floor-to-ceiling mirror , flexing one arm while holding her cell phone in the other hand . Her gaze was focused on the screen rather than her reflection in front of her , ensuring that she captured the shot at the perfect angle . Ellie stunned as she flaunted her gym-honed figure in a set of mismatched athleticwear . She rocked a black-and-white sports bra with a scoop neckline and thin straps that drew eyes toward her toned shoulders and muscular arms . The garment clung tightly to her chest and cut off right at her rib cage , leaving her flat midsection and chiseled abs in full view for her fans to admire . On her lower half , the British beauty sported a pair of clingy leopard-print shorts that hugged Ellie 's hips in all of the right ways . The bottoms boasted a daringly short length that hit at the stars upper thighs , allowing her to flaunt her lean legs and toned calves . The number also featured a thick waistband that sat low on her hips , further accentuating her trim waist and slender frame . Ellie completed her look with a pair of black sneakers , and wore what appeared to be a fitness tracker around her wrist . Her blond locks were tied in a high ponytail and spilled behind her back in waves , damp from the intense sweat session she had just completed . In the caption of the upload , Ellie shared that she was never athletic growing up , though she stuck with her workouts not only for her physical health but mental health as well . She also offered encouragement to other women on their own exercise journeys . View this post on Instagram * There are n't many muscular women in popular culture * ???????? ♀ Nothing I do in the gym is for vanity . To me it is n't intimidating or scary to be strong -LRB- in fact anyone who has met me knows I am the most pathetically shy and self deprecating person -RRB- When posting gym photos , I only ever wanted to show that with all the things I 've overcome , keeping fit and strong has been my ultimate escape . I have no extraordinary athletic ability and I was crap at sports as a kid -LRB- I was so severely asthmatic I could barely even laugh without a coughing fit -RRB- but I 've pushed myself and used all the willpower I can muster to keep at it . As hard as it is to stay motivated , especially right now , I still recommend it passionately for any mental health issues you are facing ... even a small walk or jog . Ps -- I did n't do any exercise today because I did n't want to ! Might not tomorrow either . Love to all the strong women out there and to those just getting started - I am with you ???? A post shared by elliegoulding -LRB- @elliegoulding -RRB- on Aug 18 , 2020 at 8:40 am PDT Fans certainly seemed impressed at the sight of the singer 's sculpted body , as well as the powerful message she shared . They have awarded the post more than 121,000 likes and hundreds of comments within just four hours of it going live to her feed . `` You look amazing , '' one person wrote . `` So proud of how far you have come , '' remarked another fan . `` My biggest inspiration , you are os amazing !! Thank you for posting things like this , I 'm sure many of us need it right now , '' a third follower commented . `` YESSS . FIT QUEEN WE LOVE TO SEE IT , '' quipped a fourth admirer . This is not the first time that Ellie has shown off her incredible figure on Instagram . Earlier this summer , the pop star offered a peek at her chiseled abs in a beachside close-up snap . Fans went wild for that post as well , awarding it over 285,000 likes to date .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6232060/ellie-goulding-sweaty-selfie-abs/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9193435907363892, "Lifestyle": 0.7706502079963684}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9193435907363892, "Lifestyle_Fitness": 0.7706502079963684}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10313661431481144, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WghwcPC", "stitle": "Findlay priest facing sex trafficking charges", "seg_title_stem": "Findlay priest face sex trafficking charge", "seg_content": "A Findlay priest , who formerly served in Van Wert , finds himself in a federal courtroom on sex trafficking charges . Father Michael Zacharias was taken into custody at his home Tuesday morning by members of the Northwest Ohio Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . The 53-year-old had an initial appearance in the United District Court of Northern Ohio in Toledo . He is federally charged with coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , sex trafficking of an adult by force , and fraud . The complaint says investigators are aware Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . FBI officials are encouraging anyone who may have been sexually assaulted , inappropriately touched , or `` groomed '' for possible future sexual purposes by Michael Zacharias to contact the FBI . Zacharias has been put on administrative leave of his duties at St. Michael the Archangel Parish in Findlay by the Diocese of Toledo . Press Release from FBI Cleveland , Special Agent Vicki Anderson-Gregg : The Cleveland Division of the FBI -- Lima Resident Agency , and the United States Attorney 's Office -- Northern District of Ohio , announce the federal arrest of Michael Zacharias , age 53 , of Findlay , Ohio . Zacharias has been federally charged with coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud , or coercion . Zacharias was taken into custody today , August 18 , 2020 , without incident at his residence by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . According to the complaint , investigators , at this time , are aware Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990 's . The FBI is encouraging anyone that has had contact with Michael Zacharias where they may have been `` groomed '' for possible future sexual purposes , they were inappropriately touched , or they were sexually assaulted by Michael Zacharias to contact the FBI at -LRB-216-RRB- 622-6842 . All information will be strictly confidential . A complaint is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt . A defendant is entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government 's burden to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt .", "url": "https://www.hometownstations.com/news/findlay-priest-facing-sex-trafficking-charges/article_e5fa5608-e19d-11ea-8165-670a7b369169.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9980630874633789, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.9997274279594421}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.9980630874633789, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9997274279594421}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06480033926440397, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgiHqTu", "stitle": "Federal Judge Orders Detention for Man who Police said Drove to Georgia to Meet Boy for Sex", "seg_title_stem": "Federal Judge order detention for man who Police say Drove to Georgia to meet boy for sex", "seg_content": "An Erie man who was indicted by a federal grand jury on child pornography charges will be detained in prison pending trial , U.S. Magistrate Judge Richard Lanzillo said Tuesday . Gregory S. Mancini , 31 , also pleaded not guilty to three counts of violating federal laws relating to the sexual exploitation of children during his arraignment Tuesday . From January 2015 to January 2020 , Mancini received and possessed computer images depicting prepubescent minors engaging in sexually explicit conduct , according to information presented to the court . Lanzillo said he could not allow Mancini to remain free because he was not only in possession of `` large volumes of child pornography , '' but he also traveled to Georgia with the intent to have sex with a minor . In 2018 , Erie News Now reported Mancini was arrested for driving to Georgia to meet a 13-year-old boy who police said he met on the video game Fortnite for sex . The judge said some of the conduct that 's the subject of the federal indictment happened while Mancini was living in his parents ' home and was subject to restrictions on internet access and content . He is alleged to have continued to access and download child pornography in violation of his bond conditions , according to an opinion issued by Lanzillo Tuesday . Mancini was formerly a junior varsity basketball coach at Cathedral Prep and worked with children with behavioral challenges at the Barber National Institute at the time of his arrest . Lanzillo on Tuesday granted an extension to Mancini 's attorney to file any pretrial motions . The new deadline is Oct. 2 . Mancini faces up to 70 years in prison , a maximum fine of $ 750,000 or both if convicted , based on the seriousness of the crimes and any prior criminal history .", "url": "https://www.erienewsnow.com/story/42512811/federal-judge-orders-detention-for-man-who-police-said-drove-to-georgia-to-meet-boy-for-sex", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2968045492966593, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgiV4ZL", "stitle": "` Growing Belushi ' goes inside Jim Belushi 's cannabis empire", "seg_title_stem": "` grow Belushi ' go inside Jim Belushi 's cannabis empire", "seg_content": "Jim Belushi is eager for you to see how his career has gone to pot . The actor , Blues Brother and TV veteran -LRB- ABC 's `` According to Jim '' -RRB- stars in `` Growing Belushi , '' a three-part Discovery series taking viewers inside the legal cannabis business he runs from his southern Oregon spread , Belushi 's Farm . It premieres Wednesday at 10 p.m. `` Once you engage with this plant , it kind of leads you where you want to go , '' says Belushi , 66 , who brought the now-93 acre farm on the Rogue River just as marijuana was being legalized in Oregon . `` I was like , ` Wow , new agriculture , let 's do that , ' '' he says . `` And it started me on that path . `` It 's taken me to a whole different level . '' Belushi says he 's `` a boots-on-the-ground guy '' and regularly visits marijuana dispensaries . His business philosophy changed , he says , when he encountered an Iraq War vet on one of those visits . `` He said , ` I was a medic and I saw things that happened to the human body that nobody should ever see . ' He had PTSD and had gotten off Oxycontin with cannabis and said , ` I could n't talk to my kids or my wife and I could n't sleep , but your Black Diamond OG -LSB- cannabis -RSB- allows me to do that . ' He teared up and hugged me . `` This is a business about healing , '' he says . `` People are suffering from depression , PTSD , Alzheimer 's , anxiety . I always followed my passion and the money came and the business behind it -- but this vet changed my purpose . '' And , if you 're wondering , Belushi does n't sample his product too much . `` I 'm a microdoser . If I have a joint it lasts me like 10 days , '' he says . `` I take 2.5 milligrams of -LSB- THC-infused -RSB- Bhang Chocolate -- it 's an easy sleep and I wake up feeling great -- and maybe a little hit of -LSB- hybrid cannabis -RSB- Cherry Pie -- which makes me pleasant and charming and chills my anxiety and I get along with my wife . `` I call it ` The Marriage Counselor . ' '' Most of `` Growing Belushi '' shows him running the business he started in 2015 and interacting with his staffers , including his prone-to-exaggeration cousin , Chris -- who oversees the day-to-day operations -- and young growers Ben and Alex , whom he 's known since they were kids -LRB- he 's friends with their father -RRB- . Viewers also get a glimpse at his personal life . Another featured character is Jack Murtha , aka marijuana celebrity `` Captain Jack , '' whose rare strain of Afghan weed was known as `` The Smell of ` SNL ' '' when Belushi 's late brother , John , rose to stardom on `` Saturday Night Live '' in the mid - '70s . `` I met Jack when Danny -LSB- Aykroyd -RSB- and I started doing the Blues Brothers and we were playing an East Coast gig , '' Belushi says . `` Jack and Danny were friends , and when I started my business , Danny said , ` You can have Captain Jack 's strain . It 's very unique . ' Where else would those guys -LSB- on ` SNL ' -RSB- stay up and get stimulated and come up with ` The Coneheads ? ' '' Belushi mentions his brother several times -- John 's wife , Judy , appears in the series , along with Aykroyd -- and says he thinks Belushi 's drug use , and eventual overdose death in 1982 , was partly caused by a traumatic brain injury he suffered while playing high school football . `` I saw my brother have a seizure in my house and we did n't know what that was from , '' he says . `` It was from banging his head and getting his bell rung . That 's what I believe . If Johnny was a pothead , he 'd be alive today . `` In the second episode I go to Colombia and I go up in a helicopter and ride into the ` Red Zone , ' which is where all the coke is grown , '' he says . `` I look down on those fields and there 's a moment that really struck me . I went , ` Wow , these fields are really cemeteries , all those people who died from that coke . ' I wondered , looking at these fields , if I 'm looking at the coke my brother used . `` If Colombia can take these fields and convert them to cannabis fields , they can heal people instead of killing them . `` Everybody is screaming inside , '' he says . `` Sometimes we take a Xanax or Ambien or a prescription medication . -LSB- Cannabis -RSB- is the safest , most non-violent choice . It helps repair families in trauma -- not only losing a sibling , like me , but illness in the family , the loss of a job or a house ... I 've experienced it myself with divorce . It 's for the battle in all of us . `` One of the reasons cannabis is so prolific is that it finds a peaceful way to stop the screaming . ''", "url": "https://nypost.com/2020/08/18/growing-belushi-goes-inside-jim-belushis-cannabis-empire/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.986894965171814}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.986894965171814}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15787824871666803, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgiyzxa", "stitle": "OKC police search for man who failed to show for court in case involving child sex crimes", "seg_title_stem": "OKC police search for man who fail to show for court in case involve child sex crime", "seg_content": "OKLAHOMA CITY -- The Oklahoma City Police Department is asking for the public 's help in finding a 54-year-old man who failed to show for court on a case involving child sex crimes . Police said Walter E. Walker faces in Oklahoma County six counts of forcible sodomy and four counts of lewd acts with a child . According to police , Walker 's nine victims range from 8 to 13 years old . Walker now has a no-bond warrant out of Oklahoma County for failure to appear in court . Anyone with information about Walker 's location is asked to call 911 or Crime Stoppers at 405-235-7300 . People also can submit a tip online . This content is imported from Facebook . You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site .", "url": "https://www.koco.com/article/okc-police-search-for-man-who-failed-to-show-for-court-in-case-involving-child-sex-crimes/33638451", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.21126138311726697, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'damn': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgj51NU", "stitle": "Here Are the Sexy Humans Competing for Love in ` Love Island ' Season 2", "seg_title_stem": "here be the sexy human compete for Love in ` Love Island ' season 2", "seg_content": "Do you need to turn your brain off and lose yourself in some delightfully trashy reality TV ? If the answer to that question is `` no '' -- honestly , what 's your secret ? Because life in 2020 is a mess and mindless trashy television is all most of us have left at this point . If your answer is yes though , then get ready for some truly happy news : Love Island season 2 is coming and we know who the islanders will be . CBS has unveiled the names and , more importantly , pictures of the 11 super hot , super extra individuals who will compete for love -LRB- and also a big bundle of money -RRB- on the island when the show returns in just one short week for its two-hour premiere on Monday , August 24 . After the premiere , viewers will get to immerse themselves in all the Love Island drama every single damn night of the week at 9 p.m. EST. . And , on Saturdays , CBS will double down with a series of two-hour episodes called Love Island : More to Love , which will basically be your chance to relive the best/worst/sexiest / most dramatic moments of the week , complete with new interviews and never-before-seen footage . Excited yet ? If you still have any ounce of `` meh '' left in your body , click through this gallery to rid every last drop of it from your system , because we 're digging into each of the new islanders , complete with the social media stalking intel you need to stan them immediately .", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/lifestyle/lifestyle-buzz/here-are-the-sexy-humans-competing-for-love-in-love-island-season-2/ss-BB184Bzu", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09315863016949753, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgj9giQ", "stitle": "Author Correction : Immunofluorescence can assess the efficacy of mTOR pathway therapeutic agent Everolimus in breast cancer models", "seg_title_stem": "author correction : immunofluorescence can assess the efficacy of mtor pathway therapeutic agent everolimus in breast cancer model", "seg_content": "Correction to : Scientific Reports https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-019-45319-4 , published online 29 July 2019 This Article contains errors . As a result of a Figure assembly error , in Figure 5B the image for ABC-16TX1 control is a duplicate of the image for ABC-16TX1 with Everolimus . The correct Figure 5 is included below as Figure 1 . The legend of Supplementary Figure 2 , `` Cell proliferation situations under the 200 nM everolimus treatment alone after 24 hours . '' `` Cell proliferation situations under the 200 nM everolimus treatment alone after about 24 hours . '' The legend of Supplementary Figure 4 `` The resultant IF intensity from the combined labeling of the two antibodies clearly showed efficacy of administrating everolimus . '' `` The resultant IF intensities from the combined labeling of the two antibodies clearly show efficacy of administrating everolimus . '' The legend of Supplementary Figure 5 `` -LRB- b -RRB- Western blot expression with ponceau S solution showing the total protein . The expression of black band at 46 kDa in western blot represents the amount of pho-GSK3β protein . -LRB- c -RRB- Western bolt expression of LKB1 for cell lines . The expression of black band at 54 kDa in western blot represents the amount of target protein . '' `` -LRB- b -RRB- Western blot expressions with ponceau S solution showing the total protein . The expressions of black band at 46 kDa in western blot represent the amount of pho-GSK3β protein . -LRB- c -RRB- Western bolt expressions of LKB1 for cell lines . The expressions of black band at 54 kDa in western blot represents the amount of target protein . '' The legend of Supplementary Figure 6 `` The full-length western blot expression for pho-GSK3β with ponceau s solution , which shows the total protein . The expression of black band at 46 kda in western blot stand for amount of targeted protein . '' `` The full-length western blot expressions for pho-GSK3β with ponceau s solution , which shows the total protein . The expressions of black band at 46 kda in western blot stand for amount of targeted protein . '' The legend of Supplementary Figure 7 `` The full-length western blot expressions for pho-GSK3β with beta-actin as loading control . The expression of black band at 46 kda in western blot stand for amount of pho-GSK3β , and the expressions of the black band at 48 kda represent amount of loading control . '' `` The full-length western blot expressions for pho-GSK3β with beta-actin as loading control . The expressions of black band at 46 kda in western blot stand for amount of pho-GSK3β , and the expressions of the black band at 48 kda represent amount of loading control . '' The legend of Supplementary Figure 8 `` The full-length western blot expression for LKB1 for cell lines with ponceau s solution , which shows the total protein . The expression of black band at 54 kda in western blot stand for amount of targeted protein . '' `` The full-length western blot expressions for LKB1 for cell lines with ponceau s solution , which shows the total protein . The expressions of black band at 54 kda in western blot stand for amount of targeted protein . '' In Supplementary Table 1 , the heading `` Gene mutation for cell lines and PDCC used in the study -LSB- 15,35-36 -RSB- '' `` Gene mutation for cell lines and PDCC used in the study -LSB- 25,38-39 -RSB- '' In Supplementary Table 3 , the heading `` The group of cells by pho-S6K1 and pho-4EBP1 in the study '' `` Four groups of cells by pho-S6K1 and pho-4EBP1 IF intensities in the study '' Additionally , in Supplementary Table 3 , column one was relabelled `` IF intensities '' and moved to column three . An additional column one was added , labelled `` Group '' , and a typographical error in column four heading `` Respone to everolimus from immunofluorescence '' was adjusted . The final column order of Supplementary Table 3 Column one `` Group '' , column two `` Cell lines and PDCC '' , column three `` IF intensities '' and column four `` Responses to everolimus from immunofluorescence '' . Finally , the following changes are in the corrected Supplementary Information file to improve readability : Supplementary Figure 1 , the layout of the flowchart . Supplementary Figure 3 , the colour and size of the internal graph labels `` Sensitive cells '' and `` Resistant cells '' were altered . `` Sensitive '' and `` Resistant '' Supplementary Figure 4 , the colour , size and wording of the image labels `` Everolimus-sensitive cells '' and `` Everolimus-resistant cells '' were altered . `` Sensitive '' and `` Resistant '' Supplementary Figure 5 , the size and spacing of the x-axis labels for image -LRB- a -RRB- were altered . The corrected Supplementary Information file is linked to this correction notice . These changes do not affect the conclusions of the Article . Author information Author notes These authors contributed equally : Chun-Ting Kuo and Chen-Lin Chen . Affiliations Institute of Applied Mechanics , National Taiwan University , Taipei , 106 , Taiwan Chun-Ting Kuo , Chen-Lin Chen , Chih-Chi Li , Guan-Syuan Huang , Wei-Yuan Ma , Wei-Fan Hsu & Andrew M. Wo Department of Oncology , National Taiwan University Hospital , Taipei , 100 , Taiwan Ching-Hung Lin & Yen-Shen Lu Authors Chun-Ting Kuo You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Chen-Lin Chen You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Chih-Chi Li You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Guan-Syuan Huang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Wei-Yuan Ma You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Wei-Fan Hsu You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Ching-Hung Lin You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Yen-Shen Lu You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Andrew M. Wo You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Corresponding authors Correspondence to Yen-Shen Lu or Andrew M. Wo . Rights and permissions Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License , which permits use , sharing , adaptation , distribution and reproduction in any medium or format , as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author -LRB- s -RRB- and the source , provide a link to the Creative Commons license , and indicate if changes were made . The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article 's Creative Commons license , unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material . If material is not included in the article 's Creative Commons license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use , you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder . To view a copy of this license , visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ . About this article Cite this article Kuo , C. , Chen , C. , Li , C. et al. . Author Correction : Immunofluorescence can assess the efficacy of mTOR pathway therapeutic agent Everolimus in breast cancer models . Sci Rep 10 , 14139 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-68553-7", "url": "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-020-68553-7", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.9412750601768494}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4612256264096993, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bondage': 1, 'sexual fantasy': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgjTqU1", "stitle": "Navy veteran gets 19 years in Brandon sex case", "seg_title_stem": "Navy veteran get 19 year in Brandon sex case", "seg_content": "TAMPA -- A former Navy sailor and college math tutor who kept a teenage girl in his Brandon home for sex was sentenced Tuesday to 19 years in prison , ending a lurid case that raised uncomfortable questions of consent . Thomas Richard Hill , 41 , pleaded guilty early this year to charges of enticement of a minor and production of child pornography . U.S. District Judge Virginia Hernandez Covington also ordered 15 years of supervised release upon completion of his prison sentence . Hill will have to register as a sex offender for life . The case , which presented tricky questions of law , included details that the judge called `` disgusting '' and `` repulsive . '' In court , there was considerable discussion about the age of consent for sexual activity . The girl lived in Georgia , where the legal age is 16 . She was brought to Florida , where it is 18 . Hill was 39 when he met the girl on an adult-oriented website . She was 17 , but close to turning 18 . They first started talking on video calls through Skype . Between November and December 2018 , they exchanged more than 3,000 messages . The chats focused on sexual fantasy and captured Hill ordering the girl to take pictures of herself engaging in lewd acts . She addressed him as `` master . '' A defense attorney 's sentencing memo included a lengthy description of sexual role-play practices like dominance and submission and their prevalence in society . It explained that one subset of these practices is a `` master-slave '' relationship . Hill sought such a relationship with the girl . `` There are strange fetishes here , '' Assistant Federal Public Defender Paul Downing said . `` But none of that is criminal . '' Downing argued that Hill 's relationship with the girl was consensual and became illegal only when he brought her to Florida . He said Hill was hesitant to bring the girl to Florida . He did so only after she falsely told him that her parents planned to sell her into sexual slavery , the attorney said . She stayed in Hill 's home for a few weeks and endured what federal prosecutors described as a sexually abusive relationship . Authorities were alerted in February 2019 when a Hillsborough County sheriff 's deputy spotted the girl running east along W Sadie Street in Brandon . She was crying , seemed scared and told the deputy she wanted to go home . Investigators learned the girl was listed as a missing person in Georgia . The girl 's father appeared in court to read a statement from her . In it , she wrote of flashbacks , bouts of panic , and the ever-present fear that Hill would return to hurt her . `` This man has done a lot of damage that can never be repaired , '' she wrote . `` My mind is my torture because no matter how hard I try , I ca n't forget completely . '' Portions of their chats were quoted in a plea agreement Hill signed in January . `` When I finish with you , you will tell me you 're sorry , '' Hill wrote in one exchange . `` Whether you did anything or not , because it will always be your fault ... And after you tell me that you 're sorry , you will come to me and cry in my arms and tell me that you love me . '' Later , he spoke of fear . `` A little fear is an important part of respecting me as your master . I expect the kind of respect that you give to electricity or fire . '' The chats focused on sexual fantasies centered around bondage and discipline , and captured Hill ordering the girl to take pictures of herself engaging in lewd and grotesque acts . Hill went out of his way to prey upon her , said Assistant U.S. Attorney Candace Rich . `` Whether she 's 14 , 15 or 16 , she 's no less a victim , '' Rich said . A California native , Hill served six years in the U.S. Navy . He trained as an electrician and spent the bulk of his service aboard the nuclear submarine U.S.S. Jefferson City . He later obtained a degree in computer science from the University of South Florida and worked for Hillsborough Community College as a math tutor and laboratory technician . Hill , thin-framed , bespectacled and donning an orange jail uniform Tuesday , stood straight before the judge and apologized to the victim . But he said he never knew he had done her harm . `` She gave me every indication she was happy where she was , '' he said . He recalled the last time he saw her , she kissed him . He said he loved her . `` Somehow , there must have been a disconnect , '' Judge Covington told him . `` Because this is someone who took off and looked for an officer to get help . You 're paying a price for this . And I think rightfully so . ''", "url": "https://www.tampabay.com/news/crime/2020/08/18/navy-veteran-gets-19-years-in-brandon-sex-case/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.8994516134262085}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.8994516134262085}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0259778436276937, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgjUpZ5", "stitle": "Sex assault survivor : UNC-Chapel Hill system broken", "seg_title_stem": "sex assault survivor : UNC-Chapel Hill system break", "seg_content": "Chapel Hill , N.C. -- Nearly two weeks after the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill complied with a state Supreme Court order to release names of students found responsible for sexual misconduct , one of the victims is coming forward . The university provided the names of 15 students sanctioned for sexual assault or misconduct through its secretive disciplinary process since 2007 only after a four-year legal fight . WRAL News was part of a coalition of North Carolina media organizations that sued the university after it denied a 2016 public records request for the information . Camilla Morton was happy to see the list released , but it also frustrates her . Morton has since graduated from UNC-Chapel Hill and started her career . For years , she 's wanted the secretive disciplinary process exposed , and she said she hopes telling her story will help change the system . `` I was like shaking and crying , freaking out , '' she said , recounting a 2017 night at a Colorado home when she awoke with a fellow UNC-Chapel Hill student on top of her . `` So , I stood up and punched him , and then I ran away . It was like everything was dark , and I was confused . '' Upset , she did n't report the incident to local authorities . Morton returned to Chapel Hill trying to process what happened . Still shaken to the point of failing two classes , she decided weeks later to report a sexual assault to the school 's Gender Violence and Equal Opportunity and Compliance offices . Following an investigation , Nehemias Hernandez-Lopez essentially went to student court . Morton says he apologized and claimed responsibility . The school found he violated the policy on sexual assault or sexual violence . The record shows Hernandez-Lopez received at least a year suspension with a no-contact order . No criminal charges were ever filed against him . WRAL usually does n't identify sex assault victims , but Morton wanted her story told . She said she feels Hernandez-Lopez 's punishment was n't just . `` I do n't think ever letting a person who 's admitted to doing sexual assault or rape or anything in that category should ever be allowed back on campus , '' she said . After failed attempts to contact Hernandez-Lopez , WRAL Investigates went to his family 's home in Asheboro last week and handed his father a letter outlining plans to report the story . Hernandez-Lopez has n't responded . Morton said she feels that UNC-Chapel Hill 's response to and handling of sexual crimes is inconsistent . `` I do think they took me seriously . They do n't think rape culture is OK , '' she said . `` But at the time being , their actions do speak louder than their words . '' Morton said she was frustrated Hernandez-Lopez was allowed back on campus after she graduated and she was n't notified . She 's also angry that , despite hundreds of sexual assault complaints since 2007 , the university sanctioned only 15 students . `` If I had known that was only 10 to 15 people held responsible before my case , I never would have reported it , '' she said . `` Why would I ? Why would I put my entire self out there ? '' The list of 15 students UNC-Chapel Hill released comprise 10 cases of sexual assault or sexual violence , four cases of sexual misconduct and one case of `` deliberate touching of another 's sexual parts without consent . '' Punishments ranged from semester-long suspensions to explusions from the entire UNC system . WRAL and other media outlets first sought the information amid a years-long federal probe into UNC-Chapel Hill 's investigation of sexual misconduct on campus . The U.S. Department of Education determined last year that the university violated Title IX regulations in its handling of sexual assault cases and failed to follow federal law governing the reporting of crime on campus . The university agreed to pay a $ 1.5 million fine and take steps to improve campus safety . Still trying to heal , Morton said she has plenty of animosity toward the system and school . `` I want everyone to know how UNC has been sweeping this under the rug and not holding these people responsible and letting these people back on campus , '' she said . Unlike some of other students found responsible for violating campus policies related to sexual misconduct , Hernandez-Lopez was n't expelled from the UNC system . He 's now in law school at North Carolina Central University in Durham . Joel Curran , vice chancellor of Communications at UNC-Chapel Hill , said the school `` is committed to providing a safe environment for all of its community members . '' '' -LSB- T -RSB- the University thoroughly investigates every report of sexual misconduct . Survivors on our campus are not alone . We work to provide extensive support resources and response options , regardless of when an incident occurred , '' Curran said in a statement . The university can not comment on individual cases because of privacy concerns , he said . `` The University 's Title IX policy and process are designed not only to comply with federal law , but also to approach each report with compassion and care tailored to the unique facts and circumstances of each report in a respectful , equitable and fair manner , '' his statement said . `` Feedback about our process from anyone who has been affected by sexual violence is invaluable and will help us continue to improve and better serve the needs of our community . ''", "url": "https://www.wral.com/sex-assault-victim-unc-chapel-hill-system-broken/19242141/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 0.8398375511169434, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999138116836548}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999138116836548, "JobsEducation_Education": 0.8398375511169434}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_College": 0.8398375511169434}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.023394515717062286, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgjUsDG", "stitle": "Dick Vitale : UArizona to receive NCAA punishment this month", "seg_title_stem": "Dick Vitale : UArizona to receive NCAA punishment this month", "seg_content": "TUCSON , Arizona -- Basketball Hall of Famer and ESPN broadcaster Dick Vitale claims that the NCAA will significantly punish Arizona Basketball later this month . In a tweet , Vitale says that Arizona , as well as LSU , will receive its notice of allegations , and they will include major level one charges . Level one punishment could mean a post-season ban and a possible loss of scholarships . Former UArizona assistant coach Book Richardson recently spent time in prison for pleading guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit bribery in a scheme involving recruits and agents . Another assistant coach , Mark Phelps , was terminated in 2019 . ESPN reported that he was accused of tampering with the transcripts of recruit Shareef O'neal . It should be noted that Vitale has made similar claims in the past . Arizona has yet to receive NCAA punishment , although it has not been made clear if the matter has been resolved . My latest update on @APlayersProgram & @LSUBasketball in respect to @NCAA The delay in allegations sent to both has been caused by the COVID-19 pandemic . Arizona will receive their NOA -LRB- notice of allegations -RRB- this month . They will include major Level 1 charges . -- Dick Vitale -LRB- @DickieV -RRB- August 17 , 2020", "url": "https://www.kgun9.com/sports/local-sports/dick-vitale-uarizona-to-receive-ncaa-punishment-this-month", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9713397026062012}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 0.9713397026062012}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.63335382055935, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgjVkMT", "stitle": "Selma Blair Flaunts Killer Legs In High Heels During ` Backyard Theatrics '", "seg_title_stem": "Selma Blair flaunt killer leg in high heel during ` backyard theatric '", "seg_content": "Blair 's photo shoot was elegant and simple , as she only used a wooden chair as a prop and was absolutely stunning in her all-black outfit . The Dior shoes were a nice touch , and Blair could also be seen holding the black walking stick that she has brought to awards shows in the past . Fans were loving Blair 's look , and even `` Real Housewives of Orange County '' star Tamra Judge commented that she was `` HOT AF . '' Another fan dropped a cute pickup line in Blair 's comment feed that even received some love from the actress : `` The sun just called and said it 's retiring . It 's jealous that it is n't the hottest thing in the universe . '' Blair responded with a heart for the fan . 48-year-old Blair went public with her multiple sclerosis diagnosis last year , and has been extremely open about her treatment and experience with the disease . She documents her good days and bad days and has served as an inspiration to others as Blair continues to bravely fight for her health on a daily basis . She recently went on social media to reveal how she 's dealing with the new normal as life adjusts to the COVID0-19 pandemic-era . `` Nothing feels ` normal ' lately . Most of us feel worried and sad and angry to a greater degree than that normal we used to be comforted with . Emotions spinning , planning strategies for the days ahead , '' Blair wrote on Instagram . She added that finding small things to brighten the day are worth seeking out , like a pink dress she was sent from a friend . `` So I slipped on this dress and let out a laugh . A selfie in a pink dress with a hand up in enthusiasm ! ... still feels great , '' Blair cheerfully wrote to fans .", "url": "https://theblast.com/140044/selma-blair-flaunts-killer-legs-in-high-heels-during-backyard-th", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.17028749022500633, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgjW9wk", "stitle": "Watch An 1,100-HP AWD-Swapped Mk2 VW Golf Hit The Strip", "seg_title_stem": "watch a 1,100-hp awd-swapped mk2 VW Golf hit the Strip", "seg_content": "The American public has an on-again-off-again relationship with hot hatches and sporty station wagons . On one hand , the Ford Focus RS could n't sell in volume while on the other , everyone seems pretty excited about the recent debut of the Audi RS6 Avant . But in Europe , everyone loves hot hatches -- maybe manufacturers could do better by providing ridiculous performance from the factory . But nobody could ever sell a street-legal hatch as hardcore as this turbo-powered and all-wheel-drive-swapped second-generation Volkswagen Golf , which just went to a drag event at Santa Pod Raceway and logged some pretty impressive times . Watch And Learn This build comes courtesy of Markus Henga and his shop , Turbo-Impressions . The project is documented on YouTube and in a series of Facebook posts , but the best part is watching the little hatch blast down the drag strip after squiggly starts off the line . Even with an uprated 4Motion all-wheel-drive powertrain , the 2,716-pound VW is simply too powerful for the rubber on the rear -- but that 's what helps make it a bit of a sleeper . And yes , it 's still safe to call it a sleeper with a roll cage and graphics on the side because nobody 's about to expect it to easily run 10-second quarter-miles without breaking a sweat . Under The Hood The powerplant began its life as a 2.8-liter VR6 from an Mk4 Golf before being bored to 2.9 liters and built with forged pistons and rods , plus an R32 's head . With a Precision Gen2 turbo bolted on , the setup is now producing up to 42 pounds of boost and is good for 1,111 horsepower and 820 lb-ft of torque . The result ? Henga 's best time at Santa Pod was an 8.817-second quarter-mile at a trap speed of 167.26 miles per hour . Sources : Youtube , Facebook NEXT : Watch The World 's Fastest Mk2 Golf Notch 8s At The Strip", "url": "https://www.hotcars.com/watch-1100-hp-awd-swapped-mk2-vw-golf-hit-strip/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Vehicles": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10680390680178659, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgjaAfY", "stitle": "FBI : Findlay priest arrested , accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "FBI : Findlay priest arrest , accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "FINDLAY , Ohio -LRB- WJW -RRB- -- A Findlay priest was taken into custody Tuesday morning , the Cleveland Division of the FBI reports . Michael Zacharias is federally charged `` with coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud , or coercion , '' the FBI said in a statement . The Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force arrested Zacharias , 53 , at his home reportedly without incident . The FBI said that Zacharias has allegedly `` engaged in sexual conduct with minors '' at least since the late 1990s , according to the complaint . Anyone who may have been harmed by Zacharias is encouraged to come forward and call 216-622-6842 . The FBI said that anything reported to them will remain in confidence .", "url": "https://fox8.com/news/fbi-findlay-priest-arrested-accused-of-sex-trafficking/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999908208847046}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999908208847046}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.019503493738635448, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgjdofr", "stitle": "Wasatch Front agencies take part in nationwide sex offender compliance operation", "seg_title_stem": "Wasatch front agency take part in nationwide sex offender compliance operation", "seg_content": "SALT LAKE CITY , Utah , Aug. 18 , 2020 -LRB- Gephardt Daily -RRB- -- Nearly a dozen Wasatch front agencies , along with U.S. Marshals , recently completed a massive statewide sex offender compliance and enforcement operation called `` Operation Reboot . '' In what is believed to be the largest sex offender operation in state history , 11 agencies from the Wasatch Front , as far as east the Uintah Basin , and down to Washington County and St. George , participated in the two-week operation , according to a news release . The purpose of the operation was two-fold : to utilize the U.S. Marshals Service Violent Fugitive Apprehension Team to remove violent fugitive sex offenders from Utah communities and to have state agencies conduct statewide sex offender compliance checks , to ensure Utahns , who are convicted sex offenders and who are required by law to register as sex offenders have done so . `` Utilizing resources of federal , state , and local law enforcement agencies , Operation Reboot sought to locate fugitive sex offenders and persons in violation of the Adam Walsh Act , '' the news release said . `` Passed by Congress in 2006 , the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act designated the U.S. Marshals Service as the lead federal agency to investigate violations of federal sex offender registration laws and to assist state , local , tribal and territorial jurisdictions . In conjunction with the act 's intent , Operation Reboot placed the highest priority on those who have committed violent acts and crimes against children . '' Starting on Aug. 3 , throughout Utah , officers from the 11 different agencies hit the streets to conduct sex offender compliance checks in their communities , the news release said . Compliance checks are used to ensure sex offenders are living at their address of record with the state and to confirm offenders who are required by law to register have done so . Compliance checks often require in-depth investigative efforts or may simply be conducted by going `` door to door . '' During the operation , officers sought to check the registration status of nearly 1,000 of the state 's , 8,000 registered sex offenders . `` Officers found that nearly 20 percent of the offenders checked were non-compliant , meaning they did not meet their registration requirements under Utah law , '' the news release said . `` Officers identified non-compliant sex offenders in every county and city that participated in the operation . Examples of those offenders who failed to register include offenders who committed rape against children , parole fugitives , and offenders living in homes with children present . Thirty-three offenders are being screened for prosecution or were arrested during the compliance operation . '' During the same period , officers from the USMS VFAST and local agencies served state and federal warrants on fugitives wanted for committing sexual offenses , many against children . As a part of the investigation , the USMS and local officers arrested eight fugitives wanted for sex crimes . Examples include : Scott Swift , 42 , of Salt Lake City , who was wanted for a warrant related to an unlawful sexual activity with a minor . Alan Shepherd , 30 , of West Jordan , for three counts of rape of a child . Adam Liu , 45 , of Salt Lake City , for failure to register as sex offender after being charged with unlawful sexual activity with a minor . Rudolfo Jesus Trevino , 32 , of Salt Lake City , for a parole violation after being charged and convicted of three counts of rape of a child and two counts of forcible sexual abuse and ten counts of sexual exploitation of a minor . These cases will be referred to the United States Attorney 's Office or local prosecutors in these local communities . The operation officially ended on Aug. 14 , but officers plan several hundred more checks in the coming weeks . `` A major priority of my office is to utilize our authority under the Adam Walsh Act to help protect those most vulnerable to sex offenders , '' said District of Utah US Marshal Matthew D. Harris . `` There is nothing more important than protecting our children and our community from child sex predators . An operation of this size and complexity is no easy task , but if it saves just one child or potential victim from a sex offender who has gone unchecked , it 's worth every dime we put into the operation . '' Uintah County Sheriff Steve Labrum added : `` Before COVID-19 , kids had School Resource Officers , teachers , counselors , and friends to lean on if abuse was occurring in the home . In our current times some kids are being exposed to unsupervised sex offenders . The purpose of the checks the U.S. Marshals and local law enforcement are conducting is to make sure sex offenders are living up to the requirements the court has mandated . The whole objective of the visits is to keep our children safe . '' The agencies that participated are Heber City PD , Park City PD , Provo PD , Salt Lake City PD , St. George PD , Utah County Sheriff 's Office , Uintah County Sheriff 's Office , Vernal PD , Wasatch County Sheriffs Office , Washington County Sheriffs Office and West Jordan PD .", "url": "https://gephardtdaily.com/local/wasatch-front-agencies-take-part-in-nationwide-sex-offender-compliance-operation/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01225801716406223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgjk95K", "stitle": "Grammy Winner Sheryl Crow Urges Women to Prioritize Breast Cancer Screenings", "seg_title_stem": "Grammy winner Sheryl Crow urge woman to prioritize breast cancer screening", "seg_content": "As the coronavirus pandemic began to spread in the U.S. , many health officials urged people to avoid unnecessary medical visits , which meant delays for women 's routine mammograms . Now that healthcare facilities are reopening their doors , the numbers are rising and advocates are encouraging women not to further delay their screenings . `` We ca n't take care of the people we love if we ca n't take care of ourselves , '' Grammy Award-winning artist and breast cancer survivor , Sheryl Crow told Cheddar . Also , her thoughts on landing a spot on former President Barack Obama 's Summer 2020 playlist .", "url": "https://cheddar.com/media/grammy-winner-sheryl-crow-urges-women-to-prioritize-breast-cancer-screenings", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.015224462426269198, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgjqFVp", "stitle": "San Diego Adds ` Cool Zone ' Locales to Help Cope with Sizzling High Temps", "seg_title_stem": "San Diego add ` cool Zone ' Locales to help cope with sizzle high temp", "seg_content": "Another day of scorching heat baked San Diego County Tuesday , with relief not expected to arrive until this weekend , according to the National Weather Service . San Diego County has nine cooling centers available countywide with mandatory mask wearing and social distancing protocols in place . Alpine , Borrego Springs , Fallbrook , Lakeside , Potrero , Ramona , Santa Ysabel , Spring Valley and Valley Center each have one `` Cool Zone '' location . A full list of the cooling center locations can be found here . The city of San Diego also announced Tuesday that several recreation centers , libraries and other public buildings were serving as cooling centers amid the heat . The following facilities will be open from noon until 5 p.m. daily until Sunday : MLK Recreation Center , 6401 Skyline Drive Mountain View Community Center , 641 S. Boundary Drive Mid-City Gymnasium , 4302 Landis St. Cesar Chavez Community Center , 455 Sycamore Road And San Diego Central Library , 330 Park Blvd. . High pressure over the southwestern United States was expected to peak Tuesday , then weaken slightly for the latter half of the workweek , forecasters said . An excessive heat warning is posted until 10 p.m. Thursday in the San Diego County valleys , mountains and deserts . The California Independent System Operator , which manages about 80 % of the state 's electricity , warned of possible rotating blackouts Tuesday in order to conserve power during the heat wave . A statewide Flex Alert remains in effect from 3 p.m. to 10 p.m. Tuesday and Wednesday . While San Diego Gas & Electric customers throughout the county experienced outages on Friday and Saturday , a round of blackouts expected Monday did not occur . SDG&E , which announced Monday afternoon that outages were expected to affect potentially more than 100,000 customers , said the blackouts were ultimately avoided `` in part thanks to local residents and businesses heeding the call to cut back on energy usage . '' The NWS urged residents to drink plenty of fluids , stay out of the sun and check on relatives and neighbors . Also , young children , seniors and pets should be never be left unattended in a vehicle , with car interiors able to `` reach lethal temperatures in a matter of minutes , '' according to the NWS . Campo set a high temperature record on Monday , according to the NWS . The desert locale northeast of Tecate recorded a high of 106 , eclipsing its previous mark of 103 for the date , set in 2001 . -- City News Service", "url": "https://timesofsandiego.com/life/2020/08/18/san-diego-adds-cool-zone-locales-to-help-cope-with-sizzling-high-temps/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment": 0.9958631992340088}, "second_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment_Weather": 0.9958631992340088}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.033662453953662505, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgk08jb", "stitle": "20 % of Utah sex offenders found in violation of requirements , joint federal-local operation finds", "seg_title_stem": "20 % of Utah sex offender find in violation of requirement , joint federal-local operation find", "seg_content": "SALT LAKE CITY -- A massive operation by law enforcement found a troubling number of registered sex offenders are not complying with state requirements . The U.S. Marshal for the district of Utah believes `` Operation Reboot '' is the largest compliance operation in the state . Organizers set a goal of checking in with 1,000 offenders and found 20 percent were in violation of the conditions required for registered sex offenders . During the first two weeks of August , federal , state and local law enforcement went door to door in a surprise check of registration compliance of people convicted of sex crimes . `` If you can make sure an offender is not creating another tidal wave of destruction by offending against another child , I know we 've accomplished something , '' said West Jordan Police Chief Ken Wallentine . The operation spanning from Weber to Washington Counties found one-fifth of offenders were non-compliant , which led to the prosecution of at least 42 people , according to U.S. Marshal Matt Harris . `` This is a big deal , '' Harris said during a press conference Tuesday . Harris highlighted the arrests of four people for crimes that include unlawful activity with a minor , rape of a child , or violating parole after being convicted of numerous crimes against children . `` I ca n't underestimate the importance of this operation . An operation like this sends a message to sex offenders that law enforcement is watching and if you do n't register and you do n't pay attention to the law , we will come to get you , '' Harris said . U.S. Attorney John Huber said the operation shows the importance of law enforcement amid outcry from community activists demanding police reform . `` This type of operation shows how ridiculous the demands are to defund the police , to defund law enforcement . Who will protect our children ? '' Huber said . There are currently 8,000 registered sex offenders in Utah .", "url": "https://www.fox13now.com/news/local-news/20-of-utah-sex-offenders-found-in-violation-of-requirements-joint-task-force-finds", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999939203262329}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999939203262329}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10326590426521177, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'urine': 1, 'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgk5ddi", "stitle": "Mecklenburg Sheriff Says Activist Group Outside Jail Is Defecating , Having Sex In Public", "seg_title_stem": "Mecklenburg Sheriff say Activist Group outside jail be defecate , have sex in Public", "seg_content": "Public defecating and urinating . Sex acts . These are among the things Mecklenburg County Sheriff Garry McFadden said are happening outside and near the sheriff 's office . In a presentation to Mecklenburg County Commissioners on Tuesday , McFadden blamed a group of activists set up across the street from the county jail . The activists said the allegations are false . McFadden showed county commissioners three pictures of the handicap ramp outside the sheriff 's office . It was littered with trash and what the sheriff said were human feces and urine . `` We have to deal with the smell and the present of human feces each and every morning , '' McFadden said . He said the sheriff 's office had `` over 40 reported incidents '' similar to this , including sexual activity on public property . `` I was just informed of another sex act happening five minutes before this meeting , '' he said . `` So we have this every day . '' McFadden also alleged someone had been bathing in the pond at Marshall Park in recent weeks . The sheriff 's office did not immediately respond to whether any arrests were made in these incidents . During his presentation , McFadden blamed these incidents on a group that calls itself Jail Support -- activists set up in a collection of tents on E. 4th Street who distribute supplies like food and clothes to people being released from jail . At least some Jail Support members are connected to the anti-police group Charlotte Uprising . `` The sheriff is telling lies about what happens at jail support . What else is new ? '' Charlotte Uprising tweeted on Tuesday . The sheriff is telling lies about what happens at jail support . What else is new ? -- Charlotte Uprising -LRB- @cltuprising -RRB- August 18 , 2020 A Jail Support member known as `` Lil Bit '' said McFadden 's accusations are false . Members of the Jail Support group did not use their legal names because they said they are afraid of being targeted by police . `` We have nothing to do with that , '' Lil Bit said when asked about the feces outside the sheriff 's office . `` We have to walk past it just like everybody else does . And we hope that they can provide a solution ... so that it can be cleaned up for us , as well . '' Lil Bit also refuted McFadden 's allegation that Jail Support members have been having sex outside . He said he 's also seen the person bathing in Marshall Park . `` I do n't know who that person is . They 're not a part of Jail Support . So they 're just baseless claims that McFadden has made , '' Lil Bit said , adding that no one from Jail Support was asked to speak at the county commissioners meeting . `` They did n't send us any invitation , '' he said . Mecklenburg County Public Defender Kevin Tully told commissioners after McFadden 's presentation that he was `` bothered '' that a Jail Support representative was n't invited . `` I spoke at the predicate meeting to this one that if the board was willing to hear from them that I certainly could make efforts to have them present ... to share their side of things , '' Tully said . He said clearing out the Jail Support activists -- like the sheriff 's office did about two months ago -- would be `` like fighting fire with gasoline . '' `` The fact is , it is not for the County Commission to decide , '' said County Commission Chairman George Dunlap . `` The sheriff has enforcement powers and so we ca n't dictate to him when he might use those powers . '' A Jail Support activist known as `` Assata X '' said the group plans to continue providing its services `` as long as the jail is still there . '' Want to read all of WFAE 's best news each day ? Sign up for our daily newsletter , The Frequency , to have our top stories delivered straight to your inbox .", "url": "https://www.wfae.org/post/mecklenburg-sheriff-says-activist-group-outside-jail-defecating-having-sex-public", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000051259994507}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000051259994507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8336290817285489, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'intimacy': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgk6VUZ", "stitle": "The Stupid Reason Why Sex Offender Brock Turner Trended Again in 2020", "seg_title_stem": "the Stupid Reason why sex offender Brock Turner Trended Again in 2020", "seg_content": "If you 're like us , you 're wondering why on earth convicted sexual assailant Brock Turner , 25 , trended on Twitter in 2020 . Well , a number of people seemed to think he was actually going to speak at the upcoming Republican National Convention . This tweet from comedian Jena Friedman had 8,600 likes , and 6,600 retweets as of Tuesday afternoon . BREAKING NEWS : Brock Turner , Stanford Student Athlete Who Assaulted Unconscious Woman , Will Speak At RNC . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Some Twitter users apparently thought Friedman was being serious , or they acknowledged that they could believe it if it were true . Others recognized it as a joke . Turner was convicted and sentenced for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman outside of a 2015 frat party . His six-month jail sentence -LRB- actually , three months in practice -RRB- and his attitude toward the case sparked outrage . The sexual assault survivor , known in court as Emily Doe , gave a powerful account about what happened . `` You took away my worth , my privacy , my energy , my time , my safety , my intimacy , my confidence , my own voice , until today , '' she said . She stepped forward in 2019 under her real name Chanel Miller . She has been known to the world as `` Emily Doe , '' the sexual assault victim of Stanford swimmer Brock Turner . Now she 's revealing her name and face . Chanel Miller , here reading her victim impact statement , gives her first interview to `` 60 Minutes '' https://t.co/U4GDOofVj6 pic.twitter.com/cpVMwCZ4Sk -- 60 Minutes -LRB- @ 60Minutes -RRB- September 4 , 2019 Turner is currently on the sex offender registry in Ohio , according to records viewed by Law & Crime . So some people took Friedman at her word . The thing is , she 's a comedian . These are the tweets that bookend her post about Turner at the RNC . BREAKING NEWS : Bat Who Gave The World Covid Will Speak At RNC -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Now I see how QAnon spreads . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Happy 2020 , everybody . The trend happened as there was some real , eye-catching choices for appearances at the event . In particular , there 's Nicholas Sandmann , the former Covington Catholic student who sued CNN , The Washington Post and others . There 's also Missouri couple Mark and Patricia McCloskey , who were recently charged for pointing guns at protesters -LRB- they said they were acting in self-defense -RRB- . `` I do n't want to get kicked off twitter for other people not understanding satire , '' Friedman wrote Tuesday afternoon . Some Republicans are more upset with my tweet than with a rapist being President . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 President Donald Trump has faced multiple sexual misconduct allegations , and is being sued for defamation by author E. Jean Carroll , who says he sexually assaulted her in the 1990s . Former President Bill Clinton has also faced sexual misconduct allegations . While I have your attention : @TheDemocrats , please stop giving Bill Clinton a platform . He has admitted to abusing his power and has been accused by multiple women of sexual misconduct . He 's not the future of the party , let him go . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Just for the heck of it , we reached out to the RNC to ask if Brock Turner was going to be a speaker . They did not immediately respond a Law & Crime request for comment . Chris White contributed to this report . -LSB- Mugshot via Ohio sex offender registry -RSB- Have a tip we should know ? -LSB- email protected -RSB-", "url": "https://lawandcrime.com/crazy/the-stupid-reason-why-sex-offender-brock-turner-trended-again-in-2020/?utm_source=mostpopular", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9999979734420776}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.9999979734420776}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02699814510926213, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgkXGZi", "stitle": "` This is a big deal ' : Federal , local police track down sex offenders", "seg_title_stem": "` this be a big deal ' : Federal , local police track down sex offender", "seg_content": "SALT LAKE CITY -- In what is being touted as one of the largest operations of its kind in state history , local and federal officers just wrapped up a two-week operation to track down Utah 's sex offenders and make sure they were still following the law . `` Operation Reboot '' involved 11 police departments `` touching nearly every corner of the state , '' said Matthew Harris , head of the U.S. Marshal Service in Utah . Starting on Aug. 3 , officers worked overtime shifts going door to door , checking on approximately 1,000 of Utah 's 8,000 registered sex offenders . The goals were to make sure that the offenders were in compliance with the terms of being a registered sex offender in Utah , meaning that personal information such as their home address , cars they own and people they were living with , was up to date in the state 's database . Another goal was to arrest any sex offender who had outstanding warrants . `` This is a big deal , '' Harris emphasized . `` An operation like this sends a message to sex offenders that law enforcement is watching , and if you do n't register and you do n't pay attention to the law , we 'll come to get you . '' Approximately 20 % of offenders were found to be noncompliant , Harris said , adding that 33 people now face additional pending charges . Details of the operation were announced Tuesday during a press conference with U.S. Attorney for Utah John Huber , West Jordan Police Chief Ken Wallentine , St. George Police Chief Kyle Whitehead and Weber County Sheriff 's Lt. Cortney Ryan . While the operation was for all sex offenders , Huber said an emphasis was placed on making sure people convicted of child sex offenses were in compliance . Each of the five speakers stressed that the importance of the operation was keeping children safe . `` Before COVID-19 , kids had school resource officers , teachers , counselors and friends to lean on if abuse was occurring in the home . In our current times , some kids are being exposed to unsupervised sex offenders . The purpose of the checks the U.S. marshals and local law enforcement are conducting is to make sure sex offenders are living up to the requirements the court has mandated . The whole objective of the visits is to keep our children safe , '' Uintah County Sheriff Steve Labrum said in a prepared statement . Huber said the operation was also about going after those who `` who purposely try to leave the grid , to live off the radar , '' such as those convicted of sex offenses in other states who move to Utah . `` People in this category , they do n't have a choice any longer . They ca n't say , ` I want to live away from the government , ''' he said . `` If a child predator goes off the grid , we will track them down and prosecute them . '' Huber said `` no good '' can come from sex offenders purposely trying to live `` off the grid . '' But even those who are simply trying to turn their life around without the stigma of being labeled a sex offender need to stay in compliance , he said . `` An offender can not unilaterally decide , ` Hey , I 'm ready to get a job , therefore I 'm going to lie and live a lie in my life , I 've had enough of the government . ' They do n't get that choice . Congress took that choice away from them , '' Huber said . Utah 's U.S. attorney also took time during the press conference to make a statement against the nationwide movement to `` defund the police , '' saying these types of operations are n't possible if money is taken away from law enforcement agencies . `` This extensive , expensive operation brings into focus how ludicrous the demands and chants of the activists are . This type of operation shows how ridiculous the demands are to defund the police , to defund law enforcement . Who will protect our children in such a bizarre counter universe ? '' he asked . But while approximately 1/5 of offenders whom police checked on were not in compliance , Huber said he feels good about the fact that approximately 80 % were . Wallentine said one offender who was checked during the operation even told his officers that he is not reoffending because of them . `` The fact that you come here to check on me , the fact that you come to find out if I 'm still living where I 'm supposed to be living , the fact that you come into my home and take a look at the conditions and the things that I 'm doing , that helps keep me straight , '' he told the officers , according to Wallentine . The operation ended on Aug. 14 , but Harris said officers plan on making several hundred more compliance checks in the coming weeks . The marshals service is responsible for keeping track of Utah 's registered sex offenders . Huber said when the offenders are still `` on paper '' with the state , it 's easier for agencies such as Adult Probation and Parole to help make sure those offenders are in compliance . But when those people are off probation or parole , sometimes only `` happenstance and chance '' lead to police finding an offender who is not in compliance . Huber said operations like the one recently completed help solve that problem . The U.S. Marshals ' Sex Offender Unit helped pay for the overtime shifts for local agencies to conduct the operation .", "url": "https://www.deseret.com/utah/2020/8/18/21374339/this-is-a-big-deal-federal-local-police-track-down-sex-offenders", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9990453720092773}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9990453720092773}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08919380934464126, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgkf1dC", "stitle": "Eight arrested in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis Motorcycle Rally", "seg_title_stem": "eight arrest in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis Motorcycle Rally", "seg_content": "RAPID CITY , S.D. -LRB- KEVN -RRB- - Eight arrested in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis Motorcycle Rally An investigation into sex trafficking at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally has resulted in the arrest of eight men in South Dakota . U.S. Attorney Ron Parsons has announced that two of the men had been arrested on charges of attempting commercial sex trafficking of a minor . Six others were arrested for attempting to entice a minor using the internet . The investigation was conducted by both federal and South Dakota law enforcement officers and operated for the entire duration of the 10-day rally . The annual event drew an estimated 460,000 people to western South Dakota . The suspects arrested include : Robert Lee Goodwill , Jr. , 20 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Cody Wayne Hopkins , 29 , Montgomery , PA - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Michael Ray Hudson , 32 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Travis John McDonald , 28 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet William Nicholas Riley , 60 , Sturgis , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Kevin William Clements , 22 , Claysville , PA - Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Darren Wilber Harrison , 25 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Christopher Covey Dale Truax , 33 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet The Associated Press contributed to this report .", "url": "https://www.blackhillsfox.com/2020/08/18/eight-arrested-in-sex-trafficking-investigation-at-sturgis-motorcycle-rally/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.6827889084815979}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6827889084815979}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.32053376746216555, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'nudity': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'nudity': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgklDUl", "stitle": "S5 of ` Lucifer ' and movie nudity doc debut", "seg_title_stem": "s5 of ` Lucifer ' and movie nudity doc debut", "seg_content": "The new season of `` Lucifer '' arrives on Netflix , and a documentary about the history of Hollywood nudity revealed on VOD . Rick Damigella reports .", "url": "https://www.koamnewsnow.com/i/s5-of-lucifer-and-movie-nudity-doc-debut/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08919380934464126, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgkmDSY", "stitle": "Eight arrested in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis Motorcycle Rally", "seg_title_stem": "eight arrest in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis Motorcycle Rally", "seg_content": "RAPID CITY , S.D. -LRB- KOTA -RRB- - Eight people were arrested in sex trafficking investigation at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally . An investigation into sex trafficking at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally has resulted in the arrest of eight men in South Dakota . U.S. Attorney Ron Parsons has announced that two of the men had been arrested on charges of attempting commercial sex trafficking of a minor . Six others were arrested for attempting to entice a minor using the internet . The investigation was conducted by both federal and South Dakota law enforcement officers and operated for the entire duration of the 10-day rally . The annual event drew an estimated 460,000 people to western South Dakota . The suspects arrested include : Robert Lee Goodwill , Jr. , 20 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Cody Wayne Hopkins , 29 , Montgomery , PA - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Michael Ray Hudson , 32 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Travis John McDonald , 28 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet William Nicholas Riley , 60 , Sturgis , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Kevin William Clements , 22 , Claysville , PA - Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Darren Wilber Harrison , 25 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Christopher Covey Dale Truax , 33 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet The Associated Press contributed to this report .", "url": "https://www.kotatv.com/2020/08/18/eight-arrested-in-sex-trafficking-investigation-at-sturgis-motorcycle-rally/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.900812029838562}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.900812029838562}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014876077429953354, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgkmNHo", "stitle": "Georgia Man Snared In Child Sex-Trafficking Sting Sentenced To Federal Prison", "seg_title_stem": "Georgia Man Snared in Child Sex-Trafficking Sting Sentenced to Federal Prison", "seg_content": "BRUNSWICK , Ga. -LRB- CW69 News at 10 -RRB- -- A Kingsland man snagged in a child sex-trafficking sting will spend more than five years in federal prison . U.S. District Court Judge Lisa Godbey Wood sentenced Charles Barreras , 49 , to 62 months in federal prison after pleading guilty to Attempted Coercion and Enticement , said Bobby L. Christine , U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Georgia in a statement . After completion of his prison term , Barreras will be required to serve 10 years of supervised release and to register as a sex offender . There is no parole in the federal system . Barreras is a lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy , stationed at Submarine Base Kings Bay in Kingsland . He was one of nine men indicted in Operation Do You Know Your Neighbor , coordinated by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force . Three of the remaining defendants in the operation were sentenced to federal prison , while others await sentencing after entering guilty pleas , or are awaiting trial . The sting was set up by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and the GBI 's Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force to identify adults who were seeking out children for indecent purposes .", "url": "https://atlanta.cbslocal.com/2020/08/18/georgia-man-child-sex-trafficking-federal-prison/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.14795399199222953, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'masturbating': 1, 'testicles': 1}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgknYiM", "stitle": "Sex offender arrested for alleged lewd behavior towards customers in N. Spokane parking lot", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender arrest for alleged lewd behavior towards customer in N. Spokane parking lot", "seg_content": "* Warning -- This article contains graphic material * SPOKANE , Wash. -- Spokane Police have arrested a sex offender on indecent exposure charges after he allegedly was making lewd behavior towards customers from his truck in a North Spokane store parking lot . On Monday afternoon , SPD was dispatched to the 9700 block of Newport Highway for a possible lewd subject . Loss prevention officers from the store said there was a man in a white Ford truck backed into a parking stall . Multiple woman had complained about the driver and believed he was `` checking them out '' and `` masturbating . '' Loss prevention told SPD that same truck had been at their location Sunday . SPD responded and observed the driver , who was later identified as 70-year-old Donald Krueger -- a registered sex offender and convicted felon with a lengthy criminal history . An officer observed Krueger and believed , based on his movements , that he was masturbating in his vehicle while he watched a woman come out to her minivan and load her child prior to driving away . The officer stood in the area where the women would have been standing , then looked into the cab of the truck where Krueger was seated and noticed his zipper was undone and his genitalia were exposed . The officer made himself known , startling Krueger as he had been paying attention to people in the parking lot and did n't notice tho officer approach . When questioned about his testicles being exposed and reports of his lewd behavior , Krueger said he needed to go to the bathroom and said he was there to go shopping -- but was waiting to urinate before entering the store . `` When asked why he was n't in the bathroom , Krueger said it was too far to go with his walker , '' SPD said . `` It was clear Krueger was not being truthful because if he were there to shop , he would have to walk further than the bathroom to do so . '' Surveillance video from the store showed Kreuger 's vehicle park in the same general area on Aug. 16 with lots of retail shopper traffic , with the driver never exiting the truck prior to leaving about an hour later . Video from Monday showed a similar series of events prior to being approached by law enforcement , and SPD said the footage contradicts Kreuger 's story about when he arrived and what he was doing there . `` Given that Krueger was in a public place , sitting in his truck , with his testicles exposed and visible from a few feet away outside the truck -LRB- approximately the space of the next parking stall -RRB- , and that this exposure and his conduct , if viewed by passing pedestrians , would likely cause reasonable affront or alarm , and that Krueger has multiple convictions for prior sex offenses , he was placed under arrest for Felony Indecent Exposure , '' SPD said . FOX28 Spokane © FOX28 Spokane ©", "url": "https://fox28spokane.com/sex-offender-arrested-for-alleged-lewd-behavior-towards-customers-in-n-spokane-parking-lot-2/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999567270278931}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999567270278931}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.24357795839472016, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WglZaxh", "stitle": "Registered sex offender posing as teen allegedly lures girl to Whitehall Twp . playground", "seg_title_stem": "Registered sex offender pose as teen allegedly lure girl to Whitehall Twp . playground", "seg_content": "WHITEHALL TWP. , Pa. | Authorities allege that a registered sex offender posed as a teenager in an online chat room and arranged to meet a 12-year-old girl at a Whitehall Township playground last month . Paul B. Harrington , of Oakhurst Drive in Upper Saucon Township , now faces luring and child sex assault charges after allegedly assaulting the girl behind a Whitehall Township restaurant . District Judge Tom Creighton arraigned Harrington on Monday , setting bail at $ 50,000 . Whitehall Township police were dispatched to a township home on July 11 to investigate a report of a sexual assault that occurred earlier that day . The 12-year-old victim told police that she had met someone named `` Nick '' in a chat room , who claimed to be 15 years old , according to the criminal complaint . The two exchanged phone numbers and eventually agreed to meet at the Jefferson Street playground in the township , according to records . The victim reported that a minivan pulled into the parking lot , and that she convinced Nick to meet her in the playground . A man standing 6-foot-2 emerged from the van and walked into the park . The girl told police that he did not look 15 years old , according to records . The man later identified as Harrington allegedly convinced the girl to get into his van at which point he drove a few blocks away and parked behind a restaurant . That 's where the girl alleges he sexually assaulted her in the vehicle ; he stopped when she made up an excuse that she needed to go home . When he dropped the girl off at the playground , Harrington allegedly exposed himself , according to authorities . The victim reported what happened to her father and sister , who contacted Harrington and arranged to meet him at the same playground . When he returned , the girl 's father approached the van , which drove away . Police secured surveillance video that showed the color and model of the minivan . Investigators developed Harrington as a suspect and found a similar minivan at his home . Authorities said the girl immediately picked Harrington out of a photo array . Police charged him with single felony counts of unlawful contact with a minor , child luring , corruption of minors and indecent assault . Harrington failed to post bail and was sent to Lehigh County Jail to await a preliminary hearing tentatively scheduled for Aug. 24 . Records show Harrington is a registered sex offender under Megan ' Law after a December 2019 conviction in Maryland for sexual solicitation of a minor . In August 2019 , The Frederick News-Post reported that Harrington was arrested after agreeing to meet what he thought was a 13-year-old in Frederick County , Maryland . The 13-year-old was , in fact , a sheriff 's deputy posing as a teenage girl online .", "url": "https://www.wfmz.com/news/area/lehighvalley/registered-sex-offender-posing-as-teen-allegedly-lures-girl-to-whitehall-twp-playground/article_0ccdc4c6-e190-11ea-bf5f-fffd5544c895.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006985411571235839, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgliCie", "stitle": "Cannabis Farm , in Letter to the Editor , Asks for Support at Board of Supervisors ' Meeting", "seg_title_stem": "Cannabis Farm , in letter to the Editor , Asks for support at Board of Supervisors ' meet", "seg_content": "Welcome to our letters to the editor/opinion section . To submit yours for consideration , please send to -LSB- email protected -RSB- Please consider including an image to be used -- either a photograph of you or something applicable to the letter . However , an image is not necessary for publication . Remember opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect that of Redheaded Blackbelt nor have we checked the letters for accuracy . Plans for a small outdoor , dry-farmed cannabis patch called Roc Squatch Farm have faced vocal opposition from an organized group who are biased against cannabis production and have refused to even meet with the heritage farmers behind the application . Now owners Rocci and Laura Costa are asking for community support at the next hearing on Tuesday , August 25th to save this small family farm . Four years after applying for a permit for a Warren Creek farm , Roc Squatch Farm 's hearing with the Humboldt County Planning Commission came just as COVID-19 was becoming a national emergency . Two planning commissioners were absent , leading to a vote of 3-2 against us . Our hearing date had been postponed before , and our most vocal supporters were left providing written support due to their schedules . We had hoped these would be given equal weight . A group of people came out to oppose our small , 10,000-square-foot cannabis patch , led by a group of prominent Blue Lake landowners willing to fund a lawyer to organize them all . They employed a playbook other small farmers will recognize : fight every detail , confuse every issue , refuse to acknowledge any solutions , and throw in unsubstantiated personal attacks . What these folks did n't bother to learn is our owners , Rocci and Laura , were born in Humboldt . Their families , the Costas and Parkers , have been here for generations . They raised their family in a Eureka Victorian , where they 've lived for nearly 30 years . They 've been proud supporters of the Blue Lake and Fieldbrook volunteer fire departments since they were founded , and they are active in those communities ' granges . Rocci attended College of the Redwoods , representing the USA in Japan in a wrestling exchange program . He 's coached local youth wrestling and together they 've welcomed over 80 exchange students into their home . Laura has been such a trailblazer in cannabis activism that our letters of support included the family of her personal friend Dennis Peron . Those who know this family understand how deeply they care for this community . These heritage farmers decided to come out of the shadows and renovate and improve a properly zoned parcel owned by Rocci 's brother to fulfill their vision for Roc Squatch Farm : a home in Warren Creek for their multigenerational family with vegetables , flowers , and a small permitted cannabis patch . At Roc Squatch Farm , our plan includes bioregenerative dry farming techniques to improve the land over time . Over the years -LRB- after applying before the December 2016 deadline -RRB- , we proposed plans to address all the familiar issues Humboldt 's farmers face : roads , odor , noise , security , the list goes on . Every representative , planner , agent , and consultant that helped us was stonewalled or had their credibility attacked by his opposition group according to this expressly anti-cannabis playbook . These different professionals have all told us they did n't believe these folks would accept any plan , no matter how reasonable . Even offers of collaborating to improve the road were rejected . Before we could take possession of the parcel in 2017 , we spent months evicting squatters that had taken residence there . Instead of accepting this effort as a show of good faith , we were blamed for the actions of the squatters we evicted . When we finally got our hearing at the Planning Commision , we had paid tens of thousands of dollars keeping our plans up to date with changing laws . However , our plans , documents , and letters of support were n't taken into account against a funded , coached set of public comments aimed at confusing all the facts . We believe the Planning Commission did n't compare their unsubstantiated accusations to the documented facts we provided before voting 3-2 against us . We 're appealing this decision to the Board of Supervisors . So , the fight is n't over ! And now we need your help . We 've been told by the Planning Department that even though all the facts are on our side , we can only win if we can bring in-person public support to encourage the Supervisors to do the right thing . If you know us , or if you care about small family farms coming out of the shadows in Humboldt , we need you to call/Zoom into the Board of Supervisors meeting on Tuesday , August 25th at 9 a.m. . We encourage you to attend the call to show support with numbers , as this is the most effective way to be heard . If you ca n't attend the live meeting , please consider supporting us and Humboldt 's small farmers by submitting public comments ahead of time to -LSB- email protected -RSB- . If Humboldt is going to have a sustainable cannabis industry based on small farms , we have to make sure obstruction tactics and money in Humboldt are n't allowed to crush heritage farmers like us . Thank you to the friends and supporters who have helped us get this far and to those who will show their support on August 25th ! Allison Edrington", "url": "https://kymkemp.com/2020/08/18/cannabis-farm-in-letter-to-the-editor-asks-for-support-at-board-of-supervisors-meeting/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15109843190407196, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgm9Gxb", "stitle": "Florida 7-year-old stalked by naked man , deputies say", "seg_title_stem": "Florida 7-year-old stalk by naked man , deputy say", "seg_content": "Deputies say Eric Straight , 50 , went to the 7-year-old Santa Rosa County girl 's bedroom window while naked for several nights in a row . He has been released on bond . https://t.co/0O3YSFECuD -- WEAR ABC 3 -LRB- @weartv -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` He knows that window belonged to the 7-year-old 's bedroom . So he knows that , and he 's naked and knocked on that window ? If -LRB- the girl 's father -RRB- would have come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , yeah , we would 've been fine with that , '' Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a Tuesday news conference .", "url": "https://www.wftv.com/news/trending/florida-7-year-old-stalked-by-naked-man-deputies-say/2M54MAITXJHYBH7TSVG6MRJD6Q/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022366293131429245, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgmENrO", "stitle": "Former mayor 's son faces 10 counts of felony for encouraging child sex abuse", "seg_title_stem": "former mayor 's son face 10 count of felony for encouraging child sex abuse", "seg_content": "SPRINGFIELD , Ore. -- Former Springfield Mayor Christine Lundberg 's son Benjamin faces 10 counts of felony in the first degree for encouraging child sex abuse . 39-year old Benjamin Lundberg was arrested by Springfield police and booked into the Lane County Jail just after 10 a.m. Tuesday . Police said Lundberg 's arrest was the result of an on-going investigation into child pornography , involving several agencies including Eugene and Springfield police , and Internet Crimes Against Children . SPD said a search warrant served Thursday , August 13 at a West Springfield residence resulted in the seizure of numerous digital devices possessed by Lundberg . Investigators said they found evidence of encouraging child sex abuse . Lundberg now faces ten felony counts . This is n't the first time Lundberg has been arrested . In 2017 , he was accused in a tire slashing spree in Springfield , involving at least 27 different vehicles . He was convicted and served ten days in jail along with two years of supervised probation . His mother , Christine , resigned from her position as Mayor on Saturday after that search warrant was served . Lundberg 's term was n't set to end until January . She had just won re-election in May .", "url": "https://kval.com/news/local/former-mayors-son-faces-10-counts-of-felony-for-encouraging-child-sex-abuse-08-18-2020", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15109843190407196, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgmGhFO", "stitle": "Florida 7-year-old stalked by naked man , deputies say", "seg_title_stem": "Florida 7-year-old stalk by naked man , deputy say", "seg_content": "Deputies say Eric Straight , 50 , went to the 7-year-old Santa Rosa County girl 's bedroom window while naked for several nights in a row . He has been released on bond . https://t.co/0O3YSFECuD -- WEAR ABC 3 -LRB- @weartv -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` He knows that window belonged to the 7-year-old 's bedroom . So he knows that , and he 's naked and knocked on that window ? If -LRB- the girl 's father -RRB- would have come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , yeah , we would 've been fine with that , '' Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a Tuesday news conference .", "url": "https://www.wsoctv.com/news/trending/florida-7-year-old-stalked-by-naked-man-deputies-say/2M54MAITXJHYBH7TSVG6MRJD6Q/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15109843190407196, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgmJuwK", "stitle": "Florida 7-year-old stalked by naked man , deputies say", "seg_title_stem": "Florida 7-year-old stalk by naked man , deputy say", "seg_content": "Deputies say Eric Straight , 50 , went to the 7-year-old Santa Rosa County girl 's bedroom window while naked for several nights in a row . He has been released on bond . https://t.co/0O3YSFECuD -- WEAR ABC 3 -LRB- @weartv -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` He knows that window belonged to the 7-year-old 's bedroom . So he knows that , and he 's naked and knocked on that window ? If -LRB- the girl 's father -RRB- would have come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , yeah , we would 've been fine with that , '' Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a Tuesday news conference .", "url": "https://www.kiro7.com/news/trending/florida-7-year-old-stalked-by-naked-man-deputies-say/2M54MAITXJHYBH7TSVG6MRJD6Q/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15109843190407196, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgmLwdM", "stitle": "Florida 7-year-old stalked by naked man , deputies say", "seg_title_stem": "Florida 7-year-old stalk by naked man , deputy say", "seg_content": "Deputies say Eric Straight , 50 , went to the 7-year-old Santa Rosa County girl 's bedroom window while naked for several nights in a row . He has been released on bond . https://t.co/0O3YSFECuD -- WEAR ABC 3 -LRB- @weartv -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` He knows that window belonged to the 7-year-old 's bedroom . So he knows that , and he 's naked and knocked on that window ? If -LRB- the girl 's father -RRB- would have come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , yeah , we would 've been fine with that , '' Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a Tuesday news conference .", "url": "https://www.wsbtv.com/news/trending/florida-7-year-old-stalked-by-naked-man-deputies-say/2M54MAITXJHYBH7TSVG6MRJD6Q/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09424918953116085, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgmPwvA", "stitle": "Former Central Missouri police officer pleads guilty in child sex crimes case", "seg_title_stem": "former Central Missouri police officer plead guilty in child sex crime case", "seg_content": "A former Mid-Missouri police officer pleads guilty to child sex crimes . John Rollins , 37 , pleaded guilty on Tuesday to second degree sodomy and second degree domestic assault . He 'll be sentenced September 18 . Rollins was arrested in 2018 after a child victim accused him of sexually molesting her over a period of eight years . The abuse started when the victim was five years old . She says it occurred in both Moniteau and Cole Counties . Rollins had worked as a law enforcement officer in Moniteau County and for the City of New Franklin before the allegations surfaced .", "url": "http://www.kjluradio.com/newsroom/former-central-missouri-police-officer-pleads-guilty-in-child-sex-crimes-case/article_56b278ea-e166-11ea-a7de-c3f05fe25bdc.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03571695763739331, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'les': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgmWMKt", "stitle": "A Sex Scandal Ended Ron Meyer 's Career , but His Old Hollywood Is in Rapid Retreat", "seg_title_stem": "a sex Scandal Ended Ron Meyer 's Career , but he old Hollywood be in rapid retreat", "seg_content": "On August 18 , Ron Meyer was forced to resign his chairmanship at Universal Studios in the face of a sexual liaison come to light . As a longtime executive admitting that he paid off a mistress in order to prevent his company from facing embarrassment , it 's hard to imagine who would call him a victim of cancel culture -LRB- although , someone might -RRB- . However unwittingly , he is part of a cultural revolution in Hollywood , one that is seeing the new Hollywood order push aside the old . Expect more veterans to be put out to pasture , victims of their fat paychecks , limited viability , or in the cases of Meyer and respected Warner Bros. studio head Kevin Tsujihara , the same femme fatale . Charlotte Kirk cost both 25-year studio executives their jobs after each admitted to having consensual affairs with the British actress , who was trying to leverage a Hollywood career . Like WarnerMedia CEO John Stankey before him , NBCUniversal CEO Jeff Shell expressed regrets at behavior inconsistent with leadership expectations at their respective studios . Meyer 's corporate bio is already erased from the NBCUniversal website . It 's an ignominious end to Meyer 's Universal career , but in some ways his exit is not much different than what WarnerMedia Entertainment chairman Bob Greenblatt experienced last week : He reportedly learned that he was out of a job on the same morning that newly installed Warner Media CEO Jason Kilar announced the company 's reorganization . The reasons are very different , but both men experienced sudden exits without the slower and more expensive face-saving machinations that were once all but guaranteed in Hollywood . In Hollywood 's survival sweepstakes , the 75-year-old Meyer played a winning hand for five decades . The wily CAA co-founder ran Universal Pictures through three owners over 25 years , outlasting former NBC Universal president and CEO Jeff Zucker , Meyer 's valued lieutenant Stacey Snider -LRB- DreamWorks -RRB- , former production heads Scott Stuber -LRB- Netflix -RRB- , Mary Parent -LRB- Disruption Entertainment -RRB- and Debbie Liebling -LRB- `` PEN15 '' -RRB- , and distribution and marketing chief Adam Fogelson -LRB- STX -RRB- , among many others , since he joined Universal in August 1995 . Genial and candid , with a steely interior befitting an ex-Marine , Meyer deployed his deep relationships in Hollywood as the ultimate fixer/negotiator/manager . The studio had its ups and downs , but never put all its eggs in the franchise basket -LRB- although the `` Jurassic Park '' series has generated $ 5 billion worldwide since its 1993 launch -RRB- . Instead , Universal chased a diverse balance of product spread throughout the year . The studio took calculated risks that paid off with lucrative franchises such as `` Fast and Furious , '' Illumination 's `` Despicable Me , '' `` Meet the Parents , '' and Jason Bourne . For the past decade , Meyer relied on motion picture chief Donna Langley to produce more hits than losses , and she delivered a diverse lineup that included F. Gary Gray 's `` Straight Outta Compton , '' the `` Fifty Shades of Grey '' franchise , and the `` Mamma Mia ! '' series . -LRB- The two musical hits , and the global success of Oscar-winner `` Les Miserables , '' also led to the colossal disaster that was `` Cats . '' -RRB- Of course there were many flops , some worse than others : `` Land of the Lost , '' `` 47 Ronin , '' `` Mortal Engines , '' `` Public Enemies , '' `` The Wolf Man , '' `` Robin Hood , '' `` The Adjustment Bureau , '' `` Battleship , '' `` Cowboys & Aliens , '' and `` Larry Crowne '' were balanced by hit comedies such as `` Bridget Jones ' Diary , '' the `` Johnny English '' series , `` It 's Complicated , '' `` The Break-Up , '' and `` Couples Retreat , '' as well as producer-director Judd Apatow 's `` Knocked Up , '' `` This is 40 , '' `` Get Him to the Greek , '' and `` Bridesmaids . '' Jason Blum 's horror factory Blumhouse continues to churn out multiple hits for the studio , including `` The Purge '' and the `` Insidious '' series , Jordan Peele 's Oscar-winner `` Get Out '' and follow-up `` Us , '' and the reboot of John Carpenter 's `` Halloween '' franchise . But Universal has not launched any fresh new franchises . While `` F9 '' and `` Fast & Furious 10 '' are in the works for 2021 and 2022 , respectively , and `` Minions : The Rise of Gru '' is set for 2021 , those properties are long in the tooth . Under Langley , Focus Features remains steady with Oscar contenders such as `` The Theory of Everything '' and `` Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy , '' surprise hits `` Harriet '' and `` On the Basis of Sex , '' and recent Spike Lee Oscar-winner `` BlacKkKlansman . '' The days are gone when a studio can rely on endless remakes , prequels , retools and too-expensive tentpoles . Staying nimble is essential in today 's quicksilver universe , and Shell is an industry leader as he pushes theatrical releases to VOD and forges a landmark 17-day window with AMC , the world 's largest theater chain . Meyer is an exemplar of a free-spending Hollywood that will likely be consigned to our pre-pandemic memories . While this humiliating exit is not the way Meyer would have chosen to go out , do n't feel sorry for him . In 1997 , he bought a bluff in Paradise Cove , Malibu for $ 5 million to spite his former CAA partner Ovitz , who left to go to Disney . In 2019 , just before Meyer sold the property and its Charles Gwathmey mansion for $ 100 million , he hosted a huge party -LRB- in concert with Chanel and the Natural Resources Defense Council -RRB- with a guest list that included Barbra Streisand and James Brolin , Jennifer Aniston , Julia Roberts , Courteney Cox , Priyanka Chopra , Mandy Moore , and Cindy Crawford . Those were the days . Sign Up : Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news ! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here .", "url": "https://www.indiewire.com/2020/08/universal-ron-meyer-leaves-studio-1234580875/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9821111559867859}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Movies": 0.9821111559867859}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04906746275277644, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgmXBA3", "stitle": "Former St. Peter 's priest charged in federal sex abuse case", "seg_title_stem": "former St. Peter 's priest charge in federal sex abuse case", "seg_content": "FINDLAY -- A former Roman Catholic priest at Mansfield St. Peter 's Church was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo after his arrest in Findlay on Tuesday morning . Bishop Daniel E. Thomas placed Rev. Michael Zacharias , 53 , a priest of the Diocese of Toledo and pastor of St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , on administrative leave after he was reportedly arrested by FBI agents on charges of sex trafficking , coercion and enticement . According to a story in the Toledo Blade , FBI Special Agent in Charge Eric Smith said Zacharias is believed to have been grooming and engaging in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . He said there are two victims in the criminal complaint , but authorities believe there are more . Rectory records show Zacharias served as a priest at Mansfield St. Peter 's from July 2002 until July 2007 , according to Rev. Gregory Hite , the current pastor of the church . The Blade reported the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force took the priest into custody after a 7 a.m. Mass at St. Michael Parish , a service which was posted on the parish Facebook page . Smith conducted a televised press conference after the arrest , offering insights into the case . `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent , but often times vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect again there are other victims in this community and others where Father Michael Zacharias has served , '' Smith said . The FBI agent said information related to the case against Zacharias came as a result of an unrelated investigation . He said Zacharias served in multiple parishes around northwest Ohio . `` Based on our investigation , individuals were targeted and groomed over a long period of time for continued gratification , '' Smith said . The Toledo newspaper said Zacharias faces charges of coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud , or coercion . He is slated for a first appearance in U.S. District Court in Toledo on Tuesday afternoon , The Blade reported . Smith encouraged anyone who has had unwanted sexual contact with the priest to contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . In its announcement , the Diocese said its action was taken immediately upon receiving word of the arrest . The Toledo Diocese has been informed of the `` grave and reprehensible charges of a sexual nature , with minors and adults , '' and is cooperating fully with law enforcement , it said in an email . In the email , Thomas expressed his revulsion at the charges , saying , `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests . The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' Zacharias was ordained a priest in 2002 and these are the first such allegations to be raised against him , the diocese said . Zacharias can not exercise public priestly ministry , administer any of the Sacraments , wear clerical attire or present himself as a priest . Administrative leave is a precautionary measure while an allegation is being investigated . Any allegation of sexual abuse of a minor by a priest , deacon , staff member or volunteer affiliated with the Diocese of Toledo should first be reported to local law enforcement where the abuse is alleged to have occurred , the diocese said . To report any allegation regarding this case , please first contact the FBI at 216-622-6842 . Please also report any such allegation to the Diocesan Victim Assistance Coordinator at 419-214-4880 , the diocese said .", "url": "https://www.bluemountaineagle.com/life/national/former-st-peters-priest-charged-in-federal-sex-abuse-case/article_36af00d7-6923-5ea1-acbc-8ed5941da4e4.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9999524354934692}, "second_cat": {"Society_Religion": 0.9999524354934692}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04740680649003665, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgmrCpO", "stitle": "Riverside Police looking for convicted sex offenders who cut off GPS", "seg_title_stem": "Riverside Police look for convict sex offender who cut off gp", "seg_content": "RIVERSIDE , Calif. -LRB- VVNG.com -RRB- -- Riverside Police alerted the public about two sex offenders who cut-off their GPS ankle monitors . Abel Perkins , 57 , was released from county jail on August 7 , 2020 , and immediately cut off his mandatory GPS ankle monitor . Abel is 57-years-old , 6 ' 1 '' tall and weighing around 175 pounds , he is homeless and usually found in the river bottom area in Riverside . A warrant has been issued for his arrest . Derek Ferrell was released from county jail on August 8 , 2020 , and also cut off his mandatory GPS ankle monitor . Derek is 50-years-old , 5 ' 9 '' tall and weighing 160 pounds . He usually stays either in Hemet or Riverside . A warrant has been issued for his arrest . Both homeless men have outstanding warrants for their arrest for violating the terms of their sex registration . If you see Abel Perkins or Derek Ferrell , please contact -LRB-951-RRB- 354-2007 , or your local agency if observed outside the city of Riverside . If you know their whereabouts , please contact Detective Jarid Zuetel at -LRB-951-RRB- 353-7133 or jzuetel@riversideca.gov . To follow updates to this article and more , Join our newsgroup on Facebook with over 140,000 members , Like our Facebook page , and Follow us on Instagram and Twitter .", "url": "https://www.vvng.com/riverside-police-looking-for-convicted-sex-offenders-who-cut-off-gps/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.557211697101593}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.557211697101593}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014607409503447143, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgn1nbl", "stitle": "Babe Ruth Baseball : Nottingham , Atlantic Shore to meet for SNJ 13s title", "seg_title_stem": "Babe Ruth Baseball : Nottingham , Atlantic Shore to meet for SNJ 13 title", "seg_content": "HOPEWELL -- As is becoming a recurring theme this summer , a youth baseball team from Hamilton and another from Atlantic Shore will meet in the championship round of the Southern New Jersey 13-Year-Old Babe Ruth Tournament when play resumes at Bacon Field Wednesday . Rain and prior commitments forced the tournament 's schedule to be adjusted over the weekend , giving teams a couple of unexpected days off . Beginning at 6 p.m. Wednesday , Nottingham and Atlantic Shore will play for the 13YO Southern New Jersey crown , a week after Hamilton/Northern Burlington and Atlantic Shore played for the 15YO SNJ Babe Ruth title at Switlik Park in Yardville . The Nottingham 13YOs came through the winners ' bracket , defeating West Windsor-Plainsboro , 7-3 , Friday , then Atlantic Shore , 1-0 , Saturday to earn what became a three-day break . The Atlantic Shore 13YOs bookended the Nottingham loss with a pair of wins over host Ewing/Hopewell -- 11-7 Friday , then , 8-4 Monday -- to rejoin the locals in today 's championship round . If Atlantic Shore wins the first game tonight , head coach Mike Gill 's club will force a winner-take-all second game , which is slated to begin a half hour after completion of the first contest at Bacon . If Nottingham wins just one game , head coach Rich Carabelli 's team will be crowned champions . A similar scenario befell the 15YO Tournament when Hamilton/Northern Burlington came out of the losers ' bracket and forced the `` if necessary '' game before Atlantic Shore rallied late in the second game to take the trophy with an 8-3 win . When the 14YO SNJ Babe Ruth Tournament begins Friday night at Bob DeMeo Field in Hamilton 's Veterans Park , teams from Nottingham and Atlantic Shore will meet in the first round . So it will be interesting to see if this summer 's format can hold , and they too meet in the championship round , which is scheduled to be played next Monday . The Southern New Jersey championship is the only title these teams will be able to claim in the summer of 2020 after the coronavirus pandemic caused other levels of the Babe Ruth Tournament to be canceled .", "url": "https://www.trentonian.com/sports/babe-ruth-baseball-nottingham-atlantic-shore-to-meet-for-snj-13s-title/article_a476d472-e193-11ea-80f2-53c745500f14.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.5174307227134705}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 0.5174307227134705}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 0.5174307227134705}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.018456711078729187, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgnPSdT", "stitle": "Millis-Medfield Babe Ruth Majors capture Tri-Valley Championship", "seg_title_stem": "Millis-Medfield Babe Ruth Majors capture Tri-Valley Championship", "seg_content": "The combined Millis-Medfield TVL Babe Ruth Majors team captured the Tri-Valley League Championship over Medway . The team finished the season with an impressive 9-3-1 record . Head Coach Dave DeCoste commented , `` I could n't be any prouder of the performance displayed on the diamond this season . The boys did a great job playing together as a cohesive team , and shined with poise , focus , leadership and execution . '' Assistant Coaches were Jim Hatch and Bob Clarke . The team beat Ashland 13-1 to advance to the championship series against first place Medway . In the best of three games series , Millis-Medfield won the first game in Medway 7-2 . Danny Good had a two-run double in the top of the 7th to keep momentum on Millis 's side . The series then moved to Medfield with Game two played at Schilling Field . Millis won the series clincher by a score of 9-7 . Medway scored three runs in the top of the 7th to cut the lead to 2 , but James Agostino was able to keep Millis Medfield in the lead with his strong pitching to secure the win and sweep the Summer 2020 Babe Ruth TVL Championship Series .", "url": "https://millis.wickedlocal.com/news/20200818/millis-medfield-babe-ruth-majors-capture-tri-valley-championship", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9978306293487549}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 0.9978306293487549}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 0.9978306293487549}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03843489918603221, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'damn': 1, 'underwear': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgnTTNM", "stitle": "New face mask signage at Pilot Butte", "seg_title_stem": "New face mask signage at pilot butte", "seg_content": "Some people are disregarding the mask requirement on trails at Pilot Butte in Bend and also tearing down mandatory mask signs . Oregon Parks and Recreation recently put up new mask signage . The revolt is coming . The silent majority/tax payers/adults of this country are going push back very hard if these political tyrants do n't back off with their `` eff up the election '' stunt here . We know COVID is real but destroying countless peoples livelihoods is not the way to handle it . Damn straight . You tell them . You can stop our mail but we 're still going to turf your orange keister ! Do n't comply with their power grab ! Another news story was about the Parks Department not having revenues due to parks being closed ... But they have the extra money for signage ... . Using/wearing a mask outside does n't seem as healthy as breathing fresh air and I would choose the latter . Consider this , if underwear can not stop a fart , how much is a mask really going to help ? The molecules that make up the smell of farts are way smaller than COVID virus particles . Way smaller . Like orders of magnitude smaller . An effective mask does stop most of the virus particles from getting to you . The more particles you stop , the less likely you are to get sick . It 's called viral load . Inhaling a bunch of COVID means you are more likely to get sick . Inhaling a few particles means you are less likely to get sick . You nailed it . This is where we are headed if we vote in dimentia Joe and the fake black woman . Destruction of our cities , against law and order and coming up with dumb ideas like mask outside . Trump 2020 Probably because they know its going against Browns mandate . She states that masks are only required outdoors where 6 feet social distancing can not be maintained . There is more than enough room to maintain social distancing there . yea I 'll not be wearing a mask outdoors , thanks", "url": "https://ktvz.com/videos/2020/08/18/new-face-mask-signage-at-pilot-butte/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010140850896770274, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgo06y5", "stitle": "North Butte Fire burning 300 acres in Warm Springs", "seg_title_stem": "North Butte Fire burn 300 acre in warm Springs", "seg_content": "Crews responded to five fires on the Warm Springs reservation over the weekend , with the largest burning about 300 acres . The North Butte or P515 fire is 0 % contained . The Lion 's Head Fire was last reported at 15-20 acres and 0 % contained . Both fires are burning on steep slopes in brushy , timbered area in the southeast quadrant of the reservation , according to fire officials . The most recent reported fire on August 17th is at Quartz Butte and is burning about 25 acres . Two tankers and a smoke jumper unit are on the fire along with seven additional outside crews . In all , as many as 100 firefighters are on the scene .", "url": "https://centraloregondaily.com/north-butte-fire-burning-300-acres-in-warm-springs/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.5886779427528381}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.5886779427528381}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006255570730953182, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgo51NP", "stitle": "Customs and Border Protection seize more than half ton of marijuana at Blue Water Bridge", "seg_title_stem": "custom and Border Protection seize more than half ton of marijuana at Blue Water Bridge", "seg_content": "PORT HURON , Mich. -- Customs and Border Protection -LRB- CBP -RRB- Office of Field Operations Officers at the Blue Water Bridge seized more than a half ton of marijuana from an Ontario plated commercial truck on Monday . The truck was believed to be carrying office furniture to locations in Michigan . CBP officers investigated and uncovered more than 1,114 pounds of marijuana in vacuum sealed packages concealed in cardboard boxes . : Man using submarine to smuggle drugs across Detroit River found tied to floating bags of marijuana `` Even during a pandemic , traffickers continue to attempt to exploit our borders and will stop at nothing to try and introduce illicit drugs into our communities , '' said Port Director Michael Fox , who oversees operations at the Port Huron Area Port of Entry . `` Our officers remain steadfast in their commitment to protecting our borders from all types of criminal activity . '' Since March , CBP Field Operations has seized over 4,400 pounds of marijuana at ports of entry across the state . : More local news coverage More than 1,000 lbs of #marijuana seized by @CBP Officers at the Blue Water Bridge in Port Huron on Monday . #Drugs manifested as office furniture . More here : https://t.co/FTK5v9XDlS pic.twitter.com/qudUv22iWp -- CBP Great Lakes -LRB- @CBPGreatLakes -RRB- August 18 , 2020", "url": "https://www.clickondetroit.com/news/local/2020/08/19/customs-and-border-protection-seize-more-than-half-ton-of-marijuana-at-blue-water-bridge/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09523297034810113, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgobN6h", "stitle": "` This is all a complete hoax ' : Owners of Waterbury motel respond to sex trafficking accusations", "seg_title_stem": "` this be all a complete hoax ' : owner of Waterbury motel respond to sex trafficking accusation", "seg_content": "WATERBURY , Conn. -LRB- WTNH -RRB- -- Community concern turned to anger in Waterbury on Tuesday . Accusations of sex trafficking at a city motel had protesters lashing out and the motel trying to defend itself . On Tuesday morning , when Umar Ahmed showed up at the Big Apple Motel , which his father owns on West Main Street , he could n't believe his eyes . Boarded up windows , signs on the ground , just some of the damage done when a community protest outside the motel Friday turned violent . `` I would n't want this to happen to anybody , '' said Ahmed . The organizer of the protest told News 8 the motel has become a known drug hangout and she lost a friend there last year . `` He overdosed and died there , '' said Ronae Mason-Craig . `` He was n't from Waterbury but he knew enough that if he went down to that motel that he could get drugs there so that 's a problem . '' And now , accusations of sex trafficking rock the motel . Mason-Craig told News 8 she 's been in touch with the mother of a 19-year-old Waterbury woman who she said was recently held against her will at the Big Apple Motel . `` They raped her , they drugged her , they tortured this girl . And we need that place closed , '' Mason-Craig said . The issue is drawing public outcry . At Monday night 's Board of Aldermen virtual meeting , the public comment portion was dominated by people wanting to address the motel with city aldermen . `` Community members are demanding that the doors be shut , '' one city resident said . `` It 's very important that you do something about the Apple Motel , '' another city resident said . `` It has to go ! '' said a third resident . News 8 asked Ahmed about the sex trafficking allegations . `` They 're just allegations , and the police will come out with the truth , '' he responded . Ahmed said Waterbury police are combing over hours of surveillance video from the night of the alleged sex assault . A spokesman for the police department told News 8 he ca n't comment on specifics because of Connecticut 's statutes designed to protect the identities of victims of sex crimes . `` I can say the Waterbury Police Department thoroughly and actively investigates all crimes against persons such as assaults , shootings , homicides , sexual assaults , '' said Lt. David Silverio . Ahmed said the surveillance video will exonerate the motel ; Mason-Craig said the community will keep up the pressure to try and get the motel shutdown . `` The truth will come out that she was never even here that this is all a complete hoax , '' Ahmed said . `` It needs to go , '' said Mason-Craig .", "url": "https://www.wtnh.com/news/connecticut/new-haven/this-is-all-a-complete-hoax-owners-of-waterbury-motel-respond-to-sex-trafficking-accusations/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9986668825149536}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9986668825149536}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02760131164289642, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgofRFX", "stitle": "Marco Island votes to ban recreational marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "Marco Island vote to ban recreational marijuana", "seg_content": "During Tuesday 's primary elections , those on Marco Island had one question to answer : To ban or not to ban ? The City of Marco Island proposed a ban on the recreational sale and growth of marijuana , and residents voted overwhelmingly for it . The city chairman who was part of the committee that drafted this legislation wants to point out that , even if the state later passes a law legalizing recreational marijuana , it will be banned on the island . Even with the majority -- 69 % -- supporting the ban , there were still mixed reactions to its passing across Marco Island . `` It 's ridiculous . These laws are antiquated and it 's time we got into the new century , '' said Jim Boylan who lives on the island . Boylan is just one of those who think the city should 've voted against the ban . `` I have been here for 20 years , and I think that most of the people I know are in favor of recreational marijuana , '' said Joyce Green , another resident . As the votes showed , however , there were more people in favor of the ban . Green says she can also see the dangers . `` I do n't want it here on Marco because now that I 'm here in my early 60s , I know it kills brain cells ; I used to remember a lot more and I used to be a lot smarter , '' she said . Green 's worry is that if recreational marijuana were legalized , more people would come to Marco Island to get it . `` Look at what happened when they closed down for COVID , '' she said . `` Everybody from the East Coast coming here . It 's just a matter of where they have the opportunity to get what they want . No , I do n't want it on the island . '' Oscar Martinez says his main concern is the health of young people . `` Well , you know . marijuana is one of those things . I 'm not against marijuana but , I just worry about the younger generation as a gateway drug , and so that 's my only concern with it , '' Martinez said . Medical marijuana and CBD are legal on Marco Island . Groups like `` Legalize It Florida '' are pushing to get recreational use , growth and sale on the 2022 ballot . Do you see a typo or an error ? Let us know .", "url": "https://www.winknews.com/2020/08/18/marco-island-votes-to-ban-recreational-marijuana/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9914411902427673}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9914411902427673}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.31056705624600206, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgokAsj", "stitle": "Ohio priest arrested on sex-trafficking charges", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest arrest on sex-trafficking charge", "seg_content": "An Ohio priest was arrested at his home Tuesday morning on allegations that he engaged in the sex trafficking of a minor , prosecutors said . Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody at his Findlay home -- about 45 miles south of Toledo -- `` without incident , '' the FBI said in a press release . Zacharias is charged with sex trafficking of a minor , sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud or coercion , and coercion or enticement . Zacharias , a priest at St. Michael the Archangel Parish in Findlay , Ohio , was ordained in 2002 . A criminal complaint says that investigators are aware that his alleged sexual conduct with minors goes back to the late 1990s . Since his arrest , he has been placed on leave by the Diocese of Toledo . Bishop Daniel Thomas said he was `` shocked '' and `` grieved '' to learn about the allegations against Zacharias . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness , '' Thomas said in a statement . `` As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by the situation . '' According to the Diocese of Toledo 's `` Policy for the Protection of Minors and Young People , '' Zacharias is prohibited from exercising public priestly ministry , administering the Sacraments , wearing clerical attire or presenting himself as a priest . Findlay 's police said it has no information to confirm that Zacharias ' alleged crimes involved St. Michael 's School or its students . Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said the police department and community at large `` will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . '' `` Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society , '' she said .", "url": "https://www.foxnews.com/us/ohio-priest-arrested-sex-trafficking-charges", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9964084625244141, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.9971330761909485}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.9964084625244141, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9971330761909485}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.024773070260197403, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgoqNZY", "stitle": "Ex-Realtor 's request to delay sex charges trial because of COVID-19 denied", "seg_title_stem": "Ex-Realtor 's request to delay sex charge trial because of covid-19 deny", "seg_content": "The Warren County judge presiding over the trial of a former Dayton-area Realtor on 17 rape or sexual battery charges stemming from alleged acts between 1991 and 1999 rejected a motion to delay proceedings due to COVID-19 concerns . On Tuesday , Judge Tim Tepe rejected the motion to reschedule the trial due to health concerns and the possibility that masks worn to guard against the new virus would compromise Timothy G. Hall 's chances of getting a fair trial . `` The court believes it has taken all of the necessary precautions to eliminate and/or reduce health concerns related to COVID-19 , and every effort will be made to protect the defendant 's due-process rights , '' Tepe said in a response filed the day after the motion was filed by Hall 's lawyers . On Monday , three of Hall 's lawyers filed a motion to delay the trial . `` The jury may rush its verdict on Hall 's case for their own health and safety , '' according one of the arguments made in the motion . ExploreEx-Realtor headed to trial on 20-ear-old Springboro sex charges In a hearing last week , Tepe and lawyers in the case set the ground rules . Witnesses will remove masks while testifying , as will prospective jurors when under questioning during selection , which is scheduled to begin next Monday . Hall , charged in July 2019 in Warren County Common Pleas Court , remains free on $ 150,000 bond . Hall , now 57 , of Clearcreek Twp. , faces 10 first-degree rape and seven third-degree sexual battery charges . Two involve a child younger than 13 , seven allege force was used and one that the victim was `` substantially impaired , '' according to filings .", "url": "https://www.journal-news.com/news/ex-realtors-request-to-delay-sex-charges-trial-because-of-covid-19-denied/OVMZPSRZ5BDIBBAV5ABQHWAJJA/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.5457828016032676, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'penises': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgosFRK", "stitle": "Is There a Battle of the Sexes ?", "seg_title_stem": "be there a battle of the sex ?", "seg_content": "We often hear about `` the battle of the sexes '' -- the idea that men and women are in a perpetual and even archetypal conflict . The battle of the sexes is n't like other battles , where two groups cooperate in order to compete . Men are n't cooperating with one another as a group to get one over on women and women are n't cooperating with one another to get one over on men . Fierce individual competition is more often within sex , with men competing with other men and women competing with other women for mates and status . The real battle of the sexes is between men 's strategies and women 's strategies , and both have been honed by millions of years of evolution . An arms race is a scenario where both sides of some conflict increase their capacity to inflict damage to one another by developing and collecting weapons . Some of the most beautiful , innovative , effective , smart and horrifying characteristics of plants and animals have been shaped by arms races in nature , also known as The Red Queen Effect . Trees are in competition with one another to get taller to reach the sunlight until they ca n't reach any further up into the sky . Cheetahs want to eat gazelles and gazelles do n't want to get eaten - each species gets faster until they reach the limit of their speed abilities . There are also arms races between the sexes in many species . This is called sexual antagonistic co-evolution . For example in many insect species , there has been a coevolutionary arms race with sex organs , like these `` weaponized penises '' . But are there arms races between the sexes in humans ? Evolutionary psychologists have hypothesized that there are also psychological arms races between men and women especially in the sexual domain . Women alone have the responsibility of growing and feeding new human beings . This does n't just affect the evolution of the body , but also the mind . When evaluating a man as a potential long-term partner , women are interested in cues of commitment - the likelihood that he will help her both while she 's pregnant and vulnerable and while she 's caring for a helpless infant . She wants to know that he is going to offset the significant burden of a potential pregnancy . Because women often evaluate men for cues of commitment before they risk having sex , men often misrepresent how committed they are . For example , men are more likely to overstate their desire for a relationship , like saying `` I love you '' in order to have sex . There is potential for an arms race here . It has been hypothesized that , because men are likely to overstate their commitment , women demonstrate `` commitment skepticism '' . The antagonistic process here can help men 's deception improve -LRB- for example , men may not even consciously realize they 're being deceptive -RRB- . This , in turn , will cause women 's skepticism or cue sensitivity to improve . Is there also an arms race when it comes to training ? The evolutionary premise of `` How to Train Your Boyfriend '' is that , for women , influencing behavior was more important than it was for men . Over deep history , a woman 's life and the life of her children depended on how well she could recruit other people to help her . The person who would have been the most dangerous or most helpful was often her male partner aka the boyfriend . Women have a special talent for training others because they had to teach their children to survive and thrive and they had to train men to protect them , to provision them , to show temperance , and to pay attention . Women often had to influence men to care for and protect her and her kids , whether those kids were related or unrelated to the man and in the face of other competing demands , like other women and children . If a woman failed at this the man could pursue other interests , neglect her , abandon her , or even kill her children . Men have some interest in training women too but they generally do n't have to train women to care for children or not kill unrelated children . Men are mostly interested in preventing women from having sex with other men , and jealousy is one of the major reasons for domestic abuse . Most of men 's training is focused on resisting training , and not being controlled by women . Here we see a possible arms race - women are trying to change men 's behavior and men are resisting training . This arms race , like the arms race in deception above , could improve women 's training abilities over time . But , this arms race has a difference as well . Men may also have a vested interest in women who are good at training . A woman who excels at training will be able to raise more successful kids , raise a man 's status with others -LRB- who they will also be good at training -RRB- and help him to achieve his goals by improving his ability to manage himself . A woman who can train a man , especially if she figures out how to get through his resistance , could be a uniquely valuable asset as a long-term mate . A man who wants a girlfriend to `` make him a better man '' is essentially saying he wants a woman who is good at training . A woman who is good at training is n't necessarily disagreeable , punishing or difficult . Consider the modern archetype of a powerful woman , Wonder Woman . Wonder Woman does n't beat her enemies into submission , like other superheroes . Instead , she has a magic lariat , the lasso of truth that makes people want to do what she wants them to do , from telling the truth to turning against their own henchmen . Wonder Woman 's superpower are an idealized version of women 's superior training ability - a power that pushes on open doors , and that evades resistance . In follow-up blog posts , I 'm going to talk about the good , the bad and the ugly of how this arms race of training between men and women shaped human psychology .", "url": "https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/how-train-your-boyfriend/202008/is-there-battle-the-sexes", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05622394362711037, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgpGebQ", "stitle": "Remembering Swannie : Denfeld Coaches Talk Legacy of Dick Swanson", "seg_title_stem": "remember Swannie : Denfeld Coaches talk legacy of Dick Swanson", "seg_content": "DULUTH , Minn. -- The Duluth Denfeld community is in mourning this week after the passing of Hunters Hall of Famer Richard Swanson . We spoke with a half dozen coaches who worked with Coach Swan , including assistant coaches Dick Bellamy and Tim Utt , former JV girls basketball coach Debbie Schowalter , former head football and girls basketball coach Frank Huie , head cross country coach Mike Scriggnoli and head football coach Erik Lofald , who gave their thoughts on the man better known as `` Swannie '' . A funeral service is set for Thursday at 11 a.m. at Wade Stadium . Visitation will begin at 10 o'clock .", "url": "https://www.fox21online.com/2020/08/18/remembering-swannie-denfeld-coaches-talk-legacy-of-dick-swanson/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Basketball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Basketball_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05320618638759407, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgpmHzd", "stitle": "Harris Teeter deals Aug. 19-25 : Pork roast , chicken breast , blueberries , hot dogs , Goldfish crackers , free milk promo", "seg_title_stem": "Harris Teeter deal Aug. 19-25 : pork roast , chicken breast , blueberry , hot dog , Goldfish cracker , free milk promo", "seg_content": "* This post contains affiliate links and we may earn a small commission if you use them . Harris Teeter has some excellent deals starting August 19 including Boston Butt Pork Roast -LRB- $ 0.97 / lb -RRB- , kiwi , cucumbers , blueberries , broccoli , pork ribs , chicken breast , Ball Park hot dogs -LRB- $ 0.99 -RRB- , eggs , ricotta cheese , waffles , peanut butter , Goldfish crackers , a General Mills cereal and free milk promo , a 5-day Sale and more ! 2X Fuel Points Get 2X Fuel Points on purchases when you use your VIC card through Sept. 1 , 2020 . See ad for details . 5-Day E-Vic Sale These deals are valid Wednesday , August 19 - Sunday , August 23 , 2020 . Smithfield All Natural Whole Boston Butt Pork Roast , $ 0.97 / lb , limit 4 Coke , 12 packs or AHA drinks , 8 pack cans , $ 2.97 , limit 6 Bud , Miller , Coors Light , select , 12 pack bottles , $ 6.97 , limit 4 Weekly Deals These deals are valid August 19-25 , 2020 . E-Vic Offers Activia , YoCrunch or Danimals yogurt , select 4-6 pack , $ 1.97 , limit 8 Coupons : $ 1/2 Danimals coupon from 8/23 SS and Savingstar cash back offer General Mills Big G cereals , select , 12-16 .8 oz Sale : $ 2.37 , limit 8 Milk Offer : Buy 4 boxes , get a free gallon of milk Coupons : $ 1/2 coupon from Smart Shopper coupons link or 7/19 SS Coffeemate Creamers , 32 oz or Florida 's Natural Orange or Grapefruit Juice , 52 oz , select , $ 2.77 , limit 4 Produce Kiwi , 4 for $ 1 Cucumbers , $ 0.33 each Minneola Tangelos , 5 for $ 4 Blueberries , pint , limit 4 , .99 Mangoes , large , $ 1 Green bell peppers , 2 pack , $ 1.29 Broccoli , BOGO for $ 1.34 each Fuji apples , $ 1.49 / lb Hatch green chili peppers , $ 1.49 Cauliflower , BOGO for $ 1.99 each Pineapple , $ 1.99 each Red or black plums , $ 1.99 / lb Eat Smart Broccoli Slaw , 12 oz , $ 2 Fresh Express salads , 5 oz , $ 3 Petite tomatoes , pint , $ 3 Farmers Market Organic Blackberries or red raspberries , 6 oz , $ 3.49 Honeydew melons , $ 3.99 Wild Wonders or Angel Sweet Tomatoes , 1.5 lb , $ 4.99 Meat Country style ribs , pork Boston Butt , value pack , $ 1.49 / lb Chicken breast , boneless , $ 1.79 / lb Pure Farmland burgers or meatballs , 16 oz , $ 3.99 Porterhouse or T-Bone Steak , $ 5.99 / lb , value pack T-bone steak , small pack , $ 6.49 / lb Shady Brook Farms Turkey Skillets , 20 oz , $ 6.99 Strauss Grass Fed 85 % lean ground beef , 16 oz , $ 6.99 Wild caught Mahi Mahi Fillets , $ 7.99 / lb Wild Caught Diver Bay Scallops , $ 8.99 / lb Wild caught tuna steaks , 31-40 count , $ 8.99 / lb Wild caught East Coast Shrimp , $ 8.99 / lb Citrus Herb salmon fillets , $ 10.99 / lb Ball Park Franks Made with Chicken & Pork , 15 oz , $ 0.99 Harris Teeter Grilling Links , 18 oz , $ 2.88 Fresh Foods Market Rotisserie Chicken or 8 piece Double Dipped Fried or Baked Chicken , 2 for $ 10 , must buy 2 Steak-Umm beef sandwich steaks , 6-14 count , BOGO for $ 2.89 to $ 5.99 each Smithfield Bacon , 12-16 oz , BOGO for $ 4.49 each Hormel Always Tender Boneless Pork Tenderloins or Loin Filets , 18.40 - 24 oz , BOGO Dairy Breakstone 's Cottage Doubles , 4.7 oz , .88 Dannon Greek Yogurt , 5.3 oz , .88 Harris Teeter large eggs , 12 count , .89 Chobani Less Sugar or Oat Yogurt , 5.3 oz , $ 1 - $ 2/10 coupon from 7/26 SS and .60 / 2 ibotta cash back offer Fage Greek Yogurt , 5.3 - 7 oz , $ 1 Oui Yogurt , 5 oz , $ 1.33 - $ 1/4 coupons from HT digital coupons , 8/2 SS , or Smart Shopper coupons link Harris Teeter ricotta cheese , 15 oz , BOGO for $ 1.49 each Harris Teeter cream cheese , 8 oz , $ 1.50 Harris Teeter sour cream , 16 oz , $ 1.50 Yoplait Go-Gurt , 8 pack , 3 for $ 5 - $ 1.50 / 2 coupons from Smart Shopper coupons link , 8/2 SS , HT digital coupons Harris Teeter Half & Half , 32 oz , $ 1.88 Harris Teeter eggs , 30 count , $ 1.99 -LRB- this is the regular price right now at most area Harris Teeter stores -RRB- Pillsbury Cinnamon Rolls , Crescent Rolls , Grands Crescents , 8-13 .9 oz , select , $ 2.50 - $ 1/3 coupons from HT digital coupons , Smart Shopper coupons link , and Savingstar cash back offer Cabot chunk cheese , 8 oz , BOGO for $ 2.14 each Harris Teeter string cheese , 12 count , BOGO for $ 2.14 each Tillamook shredded cheese or sliced cheese , 8 oz , BOGO for $ 2.34 each Gold Peak Tea , 64 oz , $ 2.50 Pillsbury RTB cookies , Chub cookies , RTB brownies , filled crescent , All Ready Pie Crust , select , $ 2.50 - $ 1/3 coupons from HT digital coupons , Smart Shopper coupons link , and Savingstar cash back offer NestFresh Free-Range Non-GMO Eggs , 12 count , $ 2.99 Chobani Flips or Gimmies Shakes , 4 pack or Greek Yogurt , 4-10 pack , $ 3.50 Toscana fresh mozzarella ball , 8 oz , $ 3.99 Simple Truth Organic Milk , gallon , $ 4.99 Frozen Totino 's Party Pizza or Pizza Rolls , select , $ 1 Harris Teeter waffles , 10 count , BOGO for $ 1.14 each Pillsbury Toaster Strudel , 6 count , $ 1.66 Harris Teeter French Toast Sticks , 16 oz , BOGO for $ 1.99 each Nightfood Ice Cream , 1 pint , BOGO for $ 2.49 each Edy 's Ice Cream , 48 oz , $ 2.50 Nick 's Ice Cream , 1 pint , BOGO for $ 2.74 each Harris Teeter Ice Cream Sandwiches , 12-16 count , $ 2.88 Birds Eye Voila ! , 21 oz , $ 3.33 Edy 's Outshine bars , 6 count , $ 3.33 Totino 's Pizza Rolls , 50 count , $ 3.33 Barber Chicken 8-10 oz , $ 3.50 Smucker 's Uncrustables , 10 count , $ 6.88 Farmwise Veggie Fries , 7-13 oz , BOGO Shelf Stable Hershey 's or Mondelez Theater Box Candy , .88 Kraft Barbecue Sauce , 18 oz , .88 Simple Truth Organic Garbanzo or Black Beans , 15 oz can , .88 Trident chewing gum , single pack , .88 Harris Teeter peanut butter , 16 oz , .99 Pepsi products , 2 ltr , .99 Polar Seltzer 33.8 oz , $ 1 Goldfish snack crackers , 6.6 oz , BOGO for $ 1.24 each Pringles chips , 4-6 oz can , $ 1.25 - $ 1/2 coupon from Kelloggsfamilyrewards.com when you redeem 850 points Harris Teeter Saltine Crackers , 16 oz , BOGO for $ 1.29 each Simple Truth Organic Tomatoes , 14.5 - 15 oz can , $ 1.33 Betty Crocker fruit snacks , 4.5 - 8 oz Sale : BOGO for $ 1.34 each Coupons : .50 / 2 or $ 1/2 coupons from 8/9 SS , .50 / 2 coupon from HT digital coupons or Smart Shopper coupons , .50 / 2 Savingstar cash back offer Simple Truth Organic Popcorn , 4 oz , BOGO for $ 1.49 each Harris Teeter Organics Ketchup , 20 oz , $ 1.50 Harris Teeter Ready Fruit Go ! 12.7 oz , $ 1.50 Simple Truth Organic Mustard , 12 oz , $ 1.50 Harris Teeter cranberry juice cocktail , 64 oz , $ 1.69 Nature 's Own Honey Wheat Bread , 20 oz , BOGO for $ 1.74 each Old El Paso Taco Dinner Kit , select , BOGO for $ 1.89 Keebler Cookies , select , BOGO for $ 1.99 - .75 / 1 coupon from Smart Shopper coupon = .49 Kellogg 's Pop Tarts , 8 count , $ 2 - $ 1/1 Kellogg 's cereal coupon from Kelloggsfamilyrewards.com when you redeem 850 points or $ 1/2 coupon from 7/26 RMN Old El Paso Taco Bowl Dinner Kit , select , 8 count , BOGO for $ 2.14 each Utz potato chips , 9-9 .5 oz , BOGO for $ 2.14 each Annie 's Crackers & Grahams , granola bars , fruit snacks , select , 2 for $ 5 - ,50 / 1 HT digital coupon and $ 4 Savingstar cash back offer when you buy $ 20 worth Harris Teeter Spring Water , 24 pack bottles , $ 2.50 Kellogg 's Frosted Mini Wheats or Raisin Bran Cereals , or Special K Cereal , select , 14-18 oz Sale : $ 2.50 Coupons : $ 1/1 Kellogg 's cereal coupon from Kelloggsfamilyrewards.com when you redeem 850 points , $ 1/2 HT digital coupon , $ 1/2 Kellogg 's cereal coupons from Kelloggsfamilyrewards.com in the Coupons tab , $ 1/2 coupons from 7/26 RMN Lance crackers , 8-10 pack , $ 2.50 Late July tortilla chips , 6 oz , $ 2.50 Lay 's , Sun Chips , Lay 's Kettle Cooked , 7-8 oz , $ 2.50 Bubly , 8 pack 12 oz cans , $ 3 , limited varieties Private Selection coffee , 12 count k-cups , BOGO for $ 3.49 each Jack Link 's Jerky 2.3 - 2.85 oz , $ 3.99 Rice 's Local Hive Southeast Honey , 12 oz , $ 3.99 Harris Teeter Organics Olive Oil 16.9 oz , $ 3.99 Chock full o ' Nuts , 26 oz , $ 4.99 HT Traders coffee , 12 oz bag , $ 4.99 Peet 's Coffee , 10 count single cups , BOGO for $ 5.49 each Peet 's Coffee , 12 oz , BOGO for $ 6.99 each Chex Snack Mix , 15 oz , BOGO - .50 / 2 or $ 1/3 coupon from 7/12 SS Non-Food Harris Teeter your home cutlery , 24 count , .88 Arm & Hammer toothpaste , 4.3 oz - 6 oz , BOGO for $ 2.24 each - $ 1 coupon from Smart Shopper coupons link or HT digital coupon = $ 1.24 Harris Teeter sandwich bags or snack bags , 100 count , $ 1.66 Harris Teeter aluminum foil , 75 sq ft , or heavy duty 50 sq ft , $ 2.50 Roses and more bouquet , $ 8.99 Alpo T-Bonz 4-5 oz , $ 1 Beggin ' Strips dog treats , 6 oz , $ 2.50 - $ 1.50 / 2 coupon from Smart Shopper coupons link or $ 1 coupon possibly in 8/23 RMN Purina Dog Chow , 20 lb bag , $ 10.99 - $ 1 ibotta cash back offer . The sale prices above are valid with your Harris Teeter e-Vic reward card most Raleigh , NC area locations . You can verify the prices for your specific store online at Harris Teeter.com . Harris Teeter Regular Double Coupon Policy Basics Harris Teeter doubles coupons every day of the week automatically . Coupons with a face value of $ 0.99 or less are doubled automatically everyday -LRB- unless the coupon indicated Do Not Double -RRB- . Harris Teeter will double up to 20 coupons per day , per household . Harris Teeter will double up to 3 identical coupons -LRB- must have required product to go with each coupon -RRB- . BOGO sales ring up at half price . If you just buy one , it still rings up at half price . You can use a coupon on each item in a BOGO deal . So , if you buy 2 items that are BOGO , you can use two coupons -LRB- which is a very good thing ! -RRB- . Shoppers can not use a coupon with a rain check . Rain checks expire in 60 days . Senior discount : Seniors 60 and older receive a 5 % discount every Thursday . Discount applies after coupons are deducted . Harris Teeter digital e-coupons : Harris Teeter digital coupons are available to load to your Vic card . These digital coupons CAN NOT be combined with paper manufacturer 's coupons . They will not double . The official Harris Teeter Coupon Policy can be found on their website . Harris Teeter Super Doubles Coupon Policy Basics Harris Teeter offers the Super Doubles Promotion on a regular basis . When they offer the promotion , we will let you know before it starts . During the pandemic , Harris Teeter is not offering Super Doubles events . * HT should be Super Doubling coupons worth up to $ 2 face value . This means that a $ 1.00 coupon will double to $ 2.00 , a $ 1.50 coupon will double to $ 3.00 and a $ 2.00 coupon will double to $ 4.00 ! * HT begins super doubling coupons at 7:00 AM on the first day of the sale . 24 hour stores do not super double coupons before 7:00 AM on the first day -LRB- at least that is how it has always worked in the past -RRB- . Your best bet is to get to the store before 7 am if you want to get the freebies and best deals . Some people get there at 6:15 am or earlier and then wait in line until the register allows coupons to begin Super Doubling at 7 am . * HT will super double/double up to 20 coupons per household per day . Spouse 's cards registered with the same address are linked because the policy is 20 per household , per day . If you have twenty $ 1 coupons and twenty .75 coupons , only 20 total will double . They will not double 20 coupons that are under $ 1 and also super double another 20 coupons that are over $ 1 . It 's 20 total coupons that are $ 2 or less doubled per day . * HT policy is to double up to 3 identical coupons -LRB- as long as you buy the product required for each coupon , of course -RRB- . So , if you have five $ 1.00 coupons for a product , the policy is to only super double the first three . The other 2 will be accepted at face value . * Printable coupons : HT will accept 3 printable coupons per like item , per store , per day , according to their policy . So if you buy 3 identical items and you have a printable coupon for each one , you can use all three . * New Raincheck policy as of March 29 , 2017 : Harris Teeter will no longer let customers combine a raincheck with a coupon for the same item . In addition , rainchecks now expire 60 days after they are issued . * If your store is out of your favorite deals -LRB- and they will be out of some of them -RRB- ask the customer service folks when the next truck arrives so you know when they will be restocking . * Enjoy the deals you are able to get and please remember that many of the best deals will sell out quickly . The stores will reorder those items , but often , the warehouse runs out so they can not get the stock . Please be nice to the store employees as it is not their fault if items are out of stock . And if you are excited about your great deals , give Harris Teeter a call at their Customer Service number , send them an e-mail via their website or post a comment to their Facebook page to thank them . Happy Shopping !", "url": "https://www.wral.com/harris-teeter-deals-aug-19-25-pork-roast-chicken-breast-blueberries-hot-dogs-goldfish-crackers-free-milk-promo/19240677/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7695470223180501, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex life': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgprQwX", "stitle": "Study finds single people with no desire to marry tend to report having better sex lives", "seg_title_stem": "Study find single people with no desire to marry tend to report have better sex life", "seg_content": "According to research published in Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , people who have no desire to marry report better sex lives than single people who desire marriage in the future . Strong beliefs of happiness without marriage among single people were also linked to greater life satisfaction . `` We found that single individuals with higher sexual satisfaction tended to have less desire to marry , believe that unmarried people can be happy , have less desire for a partner and be more satisfied with singlehood , '' wrote the authors of the three-part study . The first study used data collected from the National Survey of Families and Households from 1992 to 1994 . The data surveyed American households on different aspects of family life . The authors analyzed information from divorced or never married singles who were n't living with a partner . Surveys given to American households questioned a person 's desire to get married , sexual satisfaction , sexual frequency , and life satisfaction . The major finding was that sexual satisfaction was negatively correlated with the idea of getting married . This suggests singles with enjoyable sex lives were less likely show desire for marriage . The second study used questionnaires from the National Survey of Midlife Development in the United States to look at the relationship between sexual satisfaction and the belief that a person can be happy without marriage . The first survey was conducted in 1995 with 81 % of participants completing a second survey 10 years later . Similar to the first study , the sample data only included never married singles or divorcees without a partner . Single people with high sexual satisfaction held strong beliefs of achieving happiness without marriage . Having strong friendships was also linked to having this belief . Sexual satisfaction and an active sex life were found to be important predictors in staying unmarried for 10 years . The final analysis included casually dating singles to study how having a partner influenced happiness and a person 's belief in marriage . The ongoing 10-year German Family Panel study collects relationship data every year from a cohort of adolescents , young adults , and middle-aged adults . They found individuals who reported high sexual satisfaction while single were more comfortable with staying single . In addition , people reported less desire for a partner if they had a good sex life in the past year . `` Our research demonstrates that having a satisfying sexual life can uniquely contribute to how positively single people view their own relationship status and thus shed much needed light on potential paths to single people 's well-being , '' the researchers concluded . The study , `` Singles ' Sexual Satisfaction is Associated With More Satisfaction With Singlehood and Less Interest in Marriage '' , was authored by Yoobin Park , Emily A. Impett , and Geoff MacDonald .", "url": "https://www.psypost.org/2020/08/study-finds-single-people-with-no-desire-to-marry-tend-to-report-having-better-sex-lives-57712", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.8762857913970947}, "second_cat": {"Society_Relationships": 0.8762857913970947}, "third_cat": {"Society_Relationships_Other": 0.8762857913970947}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11743094690526446, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgpv0BI", "stitle": "Fan strips , jumps into Allegheny for foul ball", "seg_title_stem": "fan strip , jump into Allegheny for foul ball", "seg_content": "What would you do for a Gregory Polanco foul ball ? How about take a little swim in the Allegheny River ? That 's what a fan outside PNC Park during the Pirates ' game against Cleveland did Tuesday , jumping into the waterway outside the ballpark to retrieve a long foul ball Polanco slugged down the right-field line . The ball was hit during Polanco 's second-inning plate appearance against Cleveland right-hander Carlos Carrasco . Polanco , who entered play Tuesday hitting .083 , could have used the homer had it stayed fair , but he 's no stranger to slugging dingers into the Allegheny . At least one guy got what he obviously wanted very much -- that fan has a great story to tell every time someone asks him where he got that baseball .", "url": "https://www.mlb.com/news/fan-jumps-into-allegheny-river-for-foul-ball", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_MLB": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.17228311046794337, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgq1lqW", "stitle": "Kelly Preston 's Death Certificate Reveals the Actress Died at Florida Home After Secret Breast Cancer Battle", "seg_title_stem": "Kelly Preston 's Death Certificate reveal the Actress die at Florida Home after secret breast cancer battle", "seg_content": "Kelly Preston 's death certificate revealed she died at her family home in Florida , Us Weekly exclusively reports . The 57-year-old actress passed away on July 12 , after a private two-year battle with breast cancer . According to the certificate , obtained by Us on Tuesday , August 18 , the Hawaii native 's body was transferred from her and her husband John Travolta 's Clearwater , Florida , home to a nearby funeral home after she died at 11:46 a.m. . She was later cremated at the Brooksville Crematory in Brooksville , Florida . The What a Girl Wants actress is survived by Travolta , 66 , her husband of nearly three decades , and their children , Ella , 20 , and Benjamin , 9 . The couple were also parents of son Jett , who died in 2009 at the age of 16 after suffering a seizure . Following Preston 's death , a source told Us that the family is trying to pick up the pieces left behind by the loss of their `` rock '' and `` the heart and soul who kept the family united . '' The Grease actor and his wife `` were true partners , '' the source said of the pair last month , noting that Travolta is `` devastated . '' The insider added that the trio `` ca n't imagine life without her , '' but they are `` being strong . '' The Saturday Night Fever actor announced his wife 's passing via Instagram on July 13 via social media . `` She fought a courageous fight with the love and support of so many , '' he wrote via Instagram at the time . `` Forgive me in advance if you do n't hear from us for a while . But please know that I will feel your outpouring of love in the weeks and months ahead as we heal . '' The same day , the pair 's daughter paid tribute to her `` courageous , strong , beautiful and loving '' mom via Instagram . `` Thank you for being there for me no matter what . Thank you for your love . Thank you for your help and thank you for making this world a better place , '' Ella wrote . `` You have made life so beautiful and I know you will continue to do so always . I love you so much mama . '' The Jerry Maguire actress and Travolta tied the knot in September 1991 . They met four years prior while filming The Experts . Listen to Us Weekly 's Hot Hollywood as each week the editors of Us break down the hottest entertainment news stories !", "url": "https://www.usmagazine.com/celebrity-news/news/kelly-preston-death-certificate-reveals-she-died-at-home/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.000002145767212}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 1.000002145767212}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.14504535846366945, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgqBHfr", "stitle": "Sex trafficking rumors in Spokane false , police say", "seg_title_stem": "sex trafficking rumor in Spokane false , police say", "seg_content": "SPOKANE , Wash. -- You 've probably seen this on your social media feed . Flyers are being put on your car to distract you , then kidnap you for sex trafficking in Spokane . The Spokane Police Department said this is not true . `` We can not find a single case of where anyone putting a flyer or a mark or a device or a item on a person 's car was used to then abduct that person , '' said Sgt. Terry Preuninger with Spokane Police , `` attempt to abduct that person , kidnap that person , distract that person . '' He said somebody was concerned about a religious and `` somewhat graphic '' flyer on their car . Preuninger said the person was concerned that it was being used to distract them , potentially making them a target to be kidnapped or for the purposes of trafficking . `` It was a set of circumstances that through whether you call them urban myths and legends or just stories that people have heard , it was just attributed to somebody thinking that they 've been set up , '' he explained . Spokane Police Department said they got about a dozen phone calls about the post . Skip Ad `` Not a single complaint of an event , '' Preuninger said . `` Just people wanting to know what we 're doing with it when again , not our jurisdiction . We could n't prove that that was what the connection was . There was nothing for us to be doing . '' Preuninger said , if it was true , you would 've heard about it from the department . `` If we had a report of that and we thought that it was substantive in any way , shape or form , regardless of the criminal case -- that information would be going out to the public form us with our name on it immediately , '' he explained . There are ways to tell what is disinformation : Search online for the information or claim . Look at who posted the content Check the profile picture of the account Search for other social media accounts for the person Inspect the content the account posted Preuninger said if you have a question or see something suspicious , give them a call . They said they 'll let you know if it 's something you should be worried about . COPYRIGHT 2020 BY KXLY . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED . THIS MATERIAL MAY NOT BE PUBLISHED , BROADCAST , REWRITTEN OR REDISTRIBUTED . The Tragic Story of `` Green Boots , '' The Frozen Body On ... By Ranker As a reporter from the BBC once stated , `` When -LSB- Mount -RSB- Everest takes a life , it also keeps it . '' One of Everest 's most famous residents , Green ...", "url": "https://www.kxly.com/sex-trafficking-rumors-in-spokane-false-police-say/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9758628010749817}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9758628010749817}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02217909202316256, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgqEy57", "stitle": "Drug bust in Sheffield nets marijuana , edibles , other items", "seg_title_stem": "drug bust in Sheffield net marijuana , edibles , other item", "seg_content": "SHEFFIELD -- A drug bust today yielded a variety of `` marijuana products , '' a pistol , scales and surveillance equipment , Colbert County Sheriff Frank Williamson said . Get Unlimited Access $ 3 for 3 Months * New Subscribers Only * Digital Subscription Only Support local journalism reporting on your community After the initial selected subscription period your subscription rate will auto renew at $ 8.00 per month .", "url": "https://www.timesdaily.com/news/drug-bust-in-sheffield-nets-marijuana-edibles-other-items/article_6994c092-69cf-509c-87bc-8705fe6b153b.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.013552133947248407, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgqnm7o", "stitle": "Marco Islanders vote ` yes ' to prohibit recreational marijuana within city limits", "seg_title_stem": "Marco Islanders vote ` yes ' to prohibit recreational marijuana within city limit", "seg_content": "Last SlideNext Slide The majority of Marco Island residents voted yes Tuesday to prohibit the cultivation , manufacturing , warehousing , distribution and sale of recreational marijuana within city limits , referendum results show . The `` yes '' option received 4,040 votes , or 68.9 % , compared to `` no '' which received 1,822 votes , or 31.1 % , according to unofficial results . The ordinance excludes medical marijuana and CBD products . CBD or cannabidiol is a nonintoxicating ingredient found in cannabis and hemp . Edgar `` Ed '' Issler , chairman of the Ban Recreational Marijuana PAC , said the message of the voters is that they want to keep the sale of recreational marijuana off the island . The PAC collected enough signatures from registered voters to put the item on the ballot . `` If it becomes legal in the state , Marco Islanders will be able to buy it outside of Marco , '' he said . City Council Chairman Erik Brechnitz wrote in an email Wednesday voters do not want recreational marijuana distributed on the island . `` We should follow their request and pass an ordinance that follows the citizens ' wishes , '' he wrote . State and federal law currently prohibit recreational marijuana . In case you missed it : Marco Island approves ballot language for ordinance banning recreational marijuana Litha Berger said she voted `` yes '' because she does not see a need for recreational marijuana on the island , which she described as a `` quiet retirement area . '' `` Put it in Miami , '' she said . Berger was sitting in a portable chair near the United Church , a voting precinct , encouraging people to vote . Yvette Benarroch , an Air Force veteran and mother of two , was carrying a sign by North Barfield Drive . Benarroch said she voted `` yes '' to ban recreational marijuana . `` I do n't think we need recreational marijuana , '' she said . `` I do n't mind medical -LRB- marijuana -RRB- because it helps people . '' Berger and Benarroch both said they voted before election day . Patrick Wilkins said he voted `` no '' because the city should not pass an ordinance banning recreational marijuana . `` Every state goes medical -LRB- marijuana -RRB- first , then recreational , and they are OK with it , '' he said . Wearing a blue Bernie Sanders T-shirt on deep-red Marco Island , Vanessa Gerber said she was going to vote `` no '' because `` marijuana brings benefits to some people . '' `` We do n't need to unnecessarily regulate what people put into their bodies , '' she said . Gerber said people , particularly Black people , should not be arrested and sent to jail for possession of recreational marijuana . More than 6 million marijuana-related arrests occurred between 2010 and 2018 in the U.S. , and Black people are still more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than white people in every state , including those that have legalized marijuana , according to a report from the American Civil Liberties Union published this year . Black people are 3.64 times more likely than white people to be arrested for marijuana possession despite having `` comparable '' usage rates , according to the report . The overwhelming majority of marijuana arrests -- 89.6 % -- are for possession only . Alan Gabriel , city attorney , wrote in an email Aug. 6 the planning board will be involved in implementing the ordinance to prohibit recreational marijuana . Issler , who is also a member of the board , will not have a voting conflict under state law `` because he apparently will receive no economic benefit and will suffer no economic loss '' should he participate `` on matters implementing and interpreting the citywide recreational marijuana ban , '' Gabriel wrote . After the board 's recommendation , the proposed ordinance will go to City Council for formal adoption as an ordinance `` pursuant to state law '' with a first and second reading , Gabriel wrote . Contact Omar at omar.rodriguezortiz@naplesnews.com, and follow him on Twitter as @Omar_fromPR . Support his work by subscribing to Naples Daily News .", "url": "https://www.marconews.com/story/news/politics/elections/2020/08/18/elections-2020-marco-island-votes-yes-prohibit-recreational-marijuana/3333758001/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9210115075111389}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9210115075111389}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0295726856802761, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgrm5U8", "stitle": "Naked man , sprinklers , fire alarms and power outages mark weird primary in Leon County", "seg_title_stem": "naked man , sprinkler , fire alarm and power outage mark weird primary in Leon County", "seg_content": "Tuesday 's primary election was one for the books -- or perhaps the funny pages . A man possibly wearing a mask and nothing else showed up at one point at the Faith Christian Family Center on Laura Lee Avenue not far from the North Florida Fairgrounds , said Supervisor of Elections Mark Earley . `` He did not attempt to vote , but he briefly greeted voters , '' Earley said . Poll workers called the police and the man fled . `` Last I heard they were looking for him , '' Earley said . `` Other than a few shaking heads and giggles no voters were inconvenienced there . '' Meanwhile , a powerful storm system moved through town , setting off sprinklers and the fire alarm at the Tucker Civic Center and lifting up and collapsing an outdoor tent at the mail ballot drop-off site on Apalachee Parkway . `` Voters were walking up in the rain and we were collecting ballots the whole time , '' Earley said . Poll workers had to evacuate the voting room at the Civic Center for a time , but set up shop just outside under an overhang . They dismantled the tent outside the Elections Office on the Parkway but re-positioned themselves just outside the front door . The storms also knocked out power at five voting sites , though they came back up quickly from backup batteries and generators . `` It was quite the election to remember -- It really was , '' Earley said . `` In my 34 years -LRB- in elections -RRB- , this ranks right up there . '' This article originally appeared on Tallahassee Democrat : Naked man , sprinklers , fire alarms and power outages mark weird primary in Leon County", "url": "https://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/20200818/naked-man-sprinklers-fire-alarms-and-power-outages-mark-weird-primary-in-leon-county?utm_term=gh-florida&utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=Social&utm_campaign=ghf-palmbeach-main", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.7416525483131409}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.7416525483131409}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07286947226531931, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgrqfGj", "stitle": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office Warns Of Sex Offender Phone Scam", "seg_title_stem": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office warn of sex offender phone scam", "seg_content": "This phone scam that is currently going around the Texas Panhandle is hitting local registered sex offenders . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office in a statement said that an individual calling registered sex offenders and claiming to be a sergeant with a local sheriff 's office . The phone scam tells the victims they have warrants and are required to submit a DNA sample . The victim is then told a random amount of money to put on a pre-paid card to avoid being arrested . All of the calls have originated from a number with the local 806 area code . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office says it will never call anyone with outstanding warrants to request money and anyone receiving a call of this nature should not send money in any form to the caller . Report any of these phone scam calls to the Randall County Sheriff 's Office at 806-468-5800 .", "url": "https://thunder987.com/randall-county-sheriffs-office-warns-of-sex-offender-phone-scam/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0062161362107687815, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgrw11m", "stitle": "Cannabis dispensaries ' online sales are way up , and Dutchie , which connects them to their customers , is a major beneficiary", "seg_title_stem": "cannabis dispensary ' online sale be way up , and Dutchie , which connect they to they customer , be a major beneficiary", "seg_content": "The money comes hot on the heels of Dutchie 's first major round of funding -- $ 15 million that it closed last September -- and suggests that the cannabis industry has fared better during the COVID-19 pandemic than people outside the industry might imagine . We had a fast chat yesterday with the company 's co-founder and CEO , Ross Lipson , about the year that Dutchie is having . TC : I 'd seen recently that Dutchie has added contactless payments . RL : Yes , when the pandemic hit , virtually all of our dispensaries shifted to a curbside pickup model . We built a solution that allows customers to select curbside at checkout , and also includes a way to notify the dispensary when they arrive and provides them information on how to locate their vehicle . TC : A year ago , there were more than 30 states where cannabis was either medically legal or that had legalized the recreational use of marijuana . How has that changed ? RL : We now work with over 1,300 dispensaries in 32 markets . By comparison , a year ago we were only operating in 9 markets . Nationwide , 47 out of 50 states now allow some form of legal cannabis , and 2020 could bring full legalization in major markets such as New Jersey and Arizona . TC . Can you put that into context ? How many dispensaries are there in the U.S. ? RL : Dutchie processes 10 % of all legal cannabis sales worldwide and powers over 25 % of dispensaries . That 's more than 75,000 orders a day . TC : You had 36 employees the last time we talked . What 's that number now ? RL : We currently have 102 employees and we aim to double our team by the end of 2021 . TC : Aside from helping dispensaries shift to a curbside model , how has the pandemic impacted your business ? RL : Virtually all states deemed cannabis dispensaries as essential businesses -LSB- once COVID took hold -RSB- . Many still had to comply with state laws and close their physical stores , though , leaving only one option for sales -- online ordering . We saw dispensaries shift from about 30 % of overall sales coming from Dutchie to upwards of 100 % , and our business grew 600 % in roughly one month . Overall , we 've seen a 700 % surge in sales volume during the pandemic . We had to scale quickly to deal with six times the load on our technology . TC : Think those numbers will shift around as some parts of the country open up ? RL : Dispensaries are poised to keep online ordering and e-commerce options available because it is part of what their customers now expect . Pictured , left to right , above : Ross and Zach Lipson -LRB- Zach , Ross 's brother , is the company 's co-founder and chief product officer -RRB- .", "url": "https://techcrunch.com/2020/08/18/cannabis-dispensaries-online-sales-are-thriving-and-dutchie-which-connects-them-to-their-customers-is-a-major-beneficiary/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.12290022511786447, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgrwW3o", "stitle": "Eight men arrested in sex trafficking bust", "seg_title_stem": "eight man arrest in sex trafficking bust", "seg_content": "STURGIS , S.D. -LRB- KELO.com -RRB- -- According to U.S. attorney Ron Parsons , eight men have been arrested after an investigation into sex trafficking in Sturgis . Two of the men had been arrested on charges of attempting commercial sex trafficking of a minor . Six others were arrested for attempting to entice a minor using the internet . Listed Offenders : William Nicholas Riley , 60 , Sturgis , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Kevin William Clements , 22 , Claysville , PA -- Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Darren Wilber Harrison , 25 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Christopher Covey Dale Truax , 33 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Robert Lee Goodwill , Jr. , 20 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Cody Wayne Hopkins , 29 , Montgomery , PA -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Michael Ray Hudson , 32 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Travis John McDonald , 28 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet -LRB- The AP contributed to this report . -RRB-", "url": "https://ktwb.com/2020/08/18/eight-men-arrested-in-sex-trafficking-bust/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09336308617688718, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgsAiLX", "stitle": "Ohio priest who spent time at parish in Van Wert arrested for sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest who spend time at parish in Van Wert arrest for sex trafficking", "seg_content": "TOLEDO , Ohio -LRB- WANE -RRB- -- A Catholic priest was arrested Tuesday and charged with coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud , or coercion . Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody at his home in Findlay , Ohio by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force according to the FBI . He was the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay . He 's been placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The diocese said Zacharias was ordained a priest in 2002 and these are the first such allegations to be raised against him . According to WTOL , Zacharias served at St. Mary of the Assumption Parish in Van Wert from July 2007 to April 2011 . Investigators believe Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990 's . The FBI is asking anyone that has had contact with Zacharias where they may have been `` groomed '' for possible future sexual purposes , they were inappropriately touched , or they were sexually assaulted by him to contact the FBI at -LRB-216-RRB- 622-6842 . All information will be strictly confidential .", "url": "https://www.wane.com/news/crime/ohio-priest-who-spent-time-at-parish-in-van-wert-arrested-for-sex-trafficking/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000061988830566}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000061988830566}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.00594359313218983, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgsJaXC", "stitle": "High demand for medical marijuana causes shortage in Arkansas", "seg_title_stem": "high demand for medical marijuana cause shortage in Arkansas", "seg_content": "FORT SMITH , Ark. -- There are several questions in both Northwest Arkansas and the River Valley regarding medical marijuana dispensaries and the struggle to meet the needs of Arkansans . Patient Carla Thompson says if medical marijuana does n't become more available in Arkansas she may have to go to Oklahoma . `` Like right now I 'm almost out so tomorrow I will probably have to go online and search around and try to find somewhere that has something , '' Thompson said . Thompson and many other patients say finding access to the medicine they need is almost impossible . She says her local dispensary , Fort Cannabis Company , struggles to keep its shelves full of any strain . `` Mostly from just anything we ran completely out of flower for two weeks now , '' said Fort Cannabis Manager Alisha . Alisha said the amount they order from their cultivators often does n't show up in full . `` We need this many pounds and they will send us half that sometimes , '' Alisha said . And when they get a shipment , it 's gone fast . `` With them being the only one in Sebastian County when they do get a supply in the line is wrapped around the building , '' Thompson said . Acanza and Releaf Center in Northwest Arkansas both face the same problem . Arkansas Medical Marijuana Commissioner Travis Story says there are plenty of flowers out there . `` It seems that there is supply in the product available in the system and so that 's kind of the responsibility of the individual dispensaries , '' Story said . Story says as of July , three cultivators were fully functional and two were still harvesting and preparing to ship production . The commission has approved licenses for three additional cultivation facilities . While the reason for shortages remains up in the air , the issue is clear , patients ca n't get their medication . It 's a problem Thompson says she 's tired of driving up to 100 miles to Conway or Little Rock . She says if something does n't change , she might have to take her business across the Oklahoma border with a temporary license . `` Where I live that 's just about 5 or 10 miles away , I 'm close to Pocola and the Roland border so that 's what I 'm thinking about doing , '' Thompson said . `` People are spending money in Oklahoma , why not have the money here in Arkansas where we need it instead of taking the money out of state somewhere else . ''", "url": "https://www.5newsonline.com/article/news/health/high-demand-for-medical-marijuana-causes-shortage-in-arkansas/527-75a3721a-f413-4932-97dd-0f8d1f91781b", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.035529842414944265, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgsP9CK", "stitle": "LA cannabis company Ball Family Farms is having a tough time keeping up with demand amid pandemic", "seg_title_stem": "LA cannabis company Ball Family Farms be have a tough time keep up with demand amid pandemic", "seg_content": "The economic downturn of the pandemic has hurt retail stores , restaurants , and several other industries . But the cannabis business has been able to expand because people are smoking or eating more cannabis . Chris Ball , founder and CEO of Ball Family Farms -LRB- BFF -RRB- in Los Angeles , says business is booming during the pandemic . BFF is even having trouble keeping up with consumer demand . Right now , Ball is targeting a possible expansion into Oklahoma City . The pandemic has also put a strain on other parts of expansion , including the process of getting a delivery license to sell directly to customers . Ball 's road to success did come with hurdles . He says his company , which is Black-owned , does exist in part due to the Department of Cannabis Regulation 's Social Equity Program . But he notes that the program does n't provide enough resources to set up prospective business owners for success . `` The Social Equity Program and the DCR -LSB- Department of Cannabis Regulation -RSB- -- this program is a step in the right direction . But there needs to be some sort of assistance . ... There needs to be some direction to help these social equity applicants , and get to where they need to be and teach them how to run their cannabis business . And they just do n't have it right now . ''", "url": "https://www.kcrw.com/news/shows/greater-la/education-supplies-cannabis-heat/ball-family-farms-la", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.17036801870856536, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'masturbating': 1, 'testicles': 1}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgsieF1", "stitle": "Sex offender arrested for alleged lewd behavior towards customers in N. Spokane parking lot", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender arrest for alleged lewd behavior towards customer in N. Spokane parking lot", "seg_content": "* Warning - This article contains graphic material * SPOKANE , Wash. - Spokane Police have arrested a sex offender on indecent exposure charges after he allegedly was making lewd behavior towards customers from his truck in a North Spokane store parking lot . On Monday afternoon , SPD was dispatched to the 9700 block of Newport Highway for a possible lewd subject . Loss prevention officers from the store said there was a man in a white Ford truck backed into a parking stall . Multiple woman had complained about the driver and believed he was `` checking them out '' and `` masturbating . '' Loss prevention told SPD that same truck had been at their location Sunday . SPD responded and observed the driver , who was later identified as 70-year-old Donald Krueger - a registered sex offender and convicted felon with a lengthy criminal history . An officer observed Krueger and believed , based on his movements , that he was masturbating in his vehicle while he watched a woman come out to her minivan and load her child prior to driving away . The officer stood in the area where the women would have been standing , then looked into the cab of the truck where Krueger was seated and noticed his zipper was undone and his genitalia were exposed . The officer made himself known , startling Krueger as he had been paying attention to people in the parking lot and did n't notice tho officer approach . When questioned about his testicles being exposed and reports of his lewd behavior , Krueger said he needed to go to the bathroom and said he was there to go shopping - but was waiting to urinate before entering the store . `` When asked why he was n't in the bathroom , Krueger said it was too far to go with his walker , '' SPD said . `` It was clear Krueger was not being truthful because if he were there to shop , he would have to walk further than the bathroom to do so . '' Surveillance video from the store showed Kreuger 's vehicle park in the same general area on Aug. 16 with lots of retail shopper traffic , with the driver never exiting the truck prior to leaving about an hour later . Video from Monday showed a similar series of events prior to being approached by law enforcement , and SPD said the footage contradicts Kreuger 's story about when he arrived and what he was doing there . `` Given that Krueger was in a public place , sitting in his truck , with his testicles exposed and visible from a few feet away outside the truck -LRB- approximately the space of the next parking stall -RRB- , and that this exposure and his conduct , if viewed by passing pedestrians , would likely cause reasonable affront or alarm , and that Krueger has multiple convictions for prior sex offenses , he was placed under arrest for Felony Indecent Exposure , '' SPD said .", "url": "https://www.khq.com/news/sex-offender-arrested-for-alleged-lewd-behavior-towards-customers-in-n-spokane-parking-lot/article_53df79a2-e192-11ea-a19a-7f57ac708726.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000000238418579}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.000000238418579}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.055876587627323976, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgsyMyh", "stitle": "Burrow , Bengals Sizzle With Change As Pads Beckon", "seg_title_stem": "burrow , Bengals Sizzle with Change as Pads Beckon", "seg_content": "Geoff Hobson First things first . Yes , Joe Burrow can sling the ball . And he did it at will Monday in the last practice before the Bengals don pads for the first time in the decade on Tuesday morning . Second , it looks like A.J. Green is going to be just fine . At some point late in Monday practice 's Green tweaked something . Maybe a hammy . Nobody was saying , but indications were Green planned to practice Tuesday after head coach Zac Taylor pulled him out early following a few crisp hookups over the middle from Burrow . Thirdly , the Bengals look way different these days even without Burrow in the conversation . The middle of their offensive line is massive and anchored in more ways than one , while the heart of their defense is seasoned and salty . Right end Sam Hubbard had to smile during Monday 's workout in helmets , shorts and shells when he glanced down the sideline to his new linemate and heard nine-year defensive tackle Mike Daniels just unleash a verbal assault on a young offensive lineman . For a defense that has struggled to find its way the past few years , it was n't a breath of fresh air , but rather a much needed stream of steam . `` We love his attitude and the way he brings that competitiveness and that edge to our defensive line , '' Hubbard said . `` We saw him on the first walkthrough , Day One , just being physical and getting after guys . I was really impressed with him . I 'm really happy he 's a part of our unit . '' And then Hubbard just had to look behind him and see an old college teammate . If Daniels is bringing the salt , he knows former Saints free safety Vonn Bell is bringing some hot sauce . He can tell already . `` He 's ultra-competitive , first of all , '' Hubbard said . `` Every day out there he 's talking to the offense , talking to the defense , getting everybody ready to get after it . He carries that into the meeting room and every aspect of his football character . He 's just hungry and physical . What he brings to the back end , I think it 's contagious . You can already see it in just three full speed practices . Guys making plays on the ball and everyone being held accountable . '' Hubbard is a good place to start Monday in this very different Bengaldom . Heading into his third season as the sack leader of the 2018 draft class with 14.5 , he has seen much of the hard times of a defense that has allowed the most rushing yards in the NFL the past three seasons . But during an offseason he moved back from Miami to Cincinnati for the pandemic , he also saw the Bengals drop a load of money and draft picks on each tier of the defense . Not only that , one of his close friends long before this all began is Burrow , another buddy from Ohio State and now his neighbor on Cincinnati 's leafy east side . `` He 's really impressed a lot of guys with how he 's walking around the building , his demeanor , how he 's carrying himself , how he feels the sense of urgency to be a leader of the offense , '' Hubbard said . `` I think everyone 's been impressed with how he communicates , how he understands the offense . Because when the -LRB- first-team -RRB- offense goes out there , it 's a challenge . They 're running on all cylinders . That 's not something you 'd expect to see with a rookie quarterback . '' But , and this is maybe what Hubbard likes best about him is this is the same guy that took the scout team snaps in Columbus . `` He has n't changed at all . He has the same mentality as he was as a third-string back-up at Ohio State as a freshman , '' Hubbard said . `` Still fighting every day to get on the field and get his name known . He takes that mentality and level-headedness of where he 's been to where he 's at now . '' This was Burrow on Monday , getting them in and out of the huddle like he 'd been doing it for the last couple of Augusts . And that 's not as easy as it looks considering he won the Heisman without a huddle at LSU . Or consider the huddles left guard Michael Jordan remembered at Ohio State when on Monday he saw a defender jump at Burrow 's bark . `` It 's totally different from way back then , '' Jordan said . `` I just remember guys like -LRB- center -RRB- Pat Elflein , coach -LRB- Urban -RRB- Meyer , constantly yelling at Joe to be more demonstrative when calling the cadence , and now everything is crystal clear . He 's getting our guys on defense to jump offside with hard counts , and I love it . '' Burrow hit his first four passes in 11 on 11 before pressure caused him to overthrow wide receiver Mike Thomas . He did n't miss one in a seven-on-seven and kept finding completions even though his receivers keep dropping like flies . By the end of Monday , he did n't have three of his top four -LRB- Green , John Ross , Tee Higgins -RRB- and although he 'll have them soon enough it was as if he 'd been finding wide receiver Tyler Boyd for years . And he saw Thomas , too . That 's just not the only thing that 's new . Xavier Su'a - Filo , the new right guard whose last of his 53 starts came in front of quarterback Dak Prescott in Dallas , brings a rather stately presence to an offensive line that has been adrift in injuries and transition the past several years and the man knows something about rookie quarterbacks . He was Deshaun Watson 's guard in Houston when he made that first start at Paul Brown Stadium in 2017 . `` Pretty impressed . To be honest , sometimes I forget he 's a rookie , '' Su'a - Filo said of Burrow . `` He carries himself real well , and the biggest thing I think for young players is confidence and I 've been really impressed with that , not just with Joe but for the rookies in general . '' Jordan took a look at his line in front of Burrow Monday and heard the changes sizzling . `` I feel like we 're electric , '' Jordan said . `` Having veteran guys like Xavier come in , he 's been really helpful improving my game . I try to learn as much as possible from him and all the older guys in the room . Like Bobby Hart , Trey Hopkins , Billy Price . Having those guys help with those other guys does a whole lot for our team . '' The 6-6 Jordan , who has lost his 21-year-old rookie baby fat , has fit nicely under Su'a - Filo 's wing . He 's tipping the scales at a very solid 320 pounds after a huge offseason in Miami at Pete Bommarito 's celebrated gym before transferring to Ryan Patrick at Northern Kentucky 's PeakFAST . It all has offensive line coach Jim Turner head over heels . Turner loves his guards huge and now with the 6-4 , 310-pound Su'a - Filo , well , he ca n't wait . But Su'a - Filo is here for as much his sagacity as his size . Before he became the first pick in the 2014 second round by the Texans , he played at UCLA and got to know Steve Radicevic , then the Bruins director of football operations . Radicevic , now the Bengals ' director of pro scouting , remembered that he was not only a top player , but a great teammate and guy , too . You saw it on the field Monday during breaks in positional drills , where he could be spotted putting his hands on first-year left tackle Jonah Williams and walking him through a tip . Jordan says Su'a - Filo has `` wisdom . '' `` The only way we get better really on the O-line is helping out the younger guys , too , and I 've been fortunate to have a lot of veterans help me over the years , '' Su'a - Filo . `` So , just try to share it forward . '' He says he likes the old school Turner and the physical game he espouses and now maybe this line is growing up . Su'a - Filo , 29 , and center Trey Hopkins , 28 , are the clear leaders , but Jordan also has kind words for how right tackle Bobby Hart helped him last year . Early last season Jordan ran into what Turner has called a `` rookie wall . '' A nagging knee injury did n't help and Turner put Jordan on the bench in the hopes he would sit back a bit and learn . It worked . When Jordan returned in the last month , the Bengals were a top ten running team , running back Joe Mixon got his 1,000 yards and Jordan was a big reason why . `` When I was sitting on the bench I was really thinking about being a professional all the time . Bobby Hart taught me about that , '' Jordan said . `` When you 're out in practice and on the field , you have to go out and perform . When you 're going through walkthroughs , perfect the steps . When you 're on your own you have to watch film and you have to take care of your body whether it 's getting massages , cold tub or therapy . Whatever you have to do to take care of yourself . That 's what I was doing last year because I had a little bit of a nagging injury the whole year , but once I started becoming a professional everything changed for me . '' A different Bengaldom . Hubbard was talking about his defense in year two under coordinator Lou Anarumo . But he could have been talking about a team in year two under Taylor now led by a rookie-veteran quarterback . `` I 'd say it 's a big difference just because there 's a lot better communication and understanding of what our defense should look like , '' Hubbard said , `` what everyone 's responsibilities are and a lot of things that we went through the first year have been ironed out . ''", "url": "https://www.bostonnews.net/news/266129831/burrow-bengals-sizzle-with-change-as-pads-beckon", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.013583648998494404, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgt9IjC", "stitle": "Cannabis Investors Say ` Stop Chasing And Start Attracting The Right VCs '", "seg_title_stem": "Cannabis Investors say ` stop chase and Start attract the Right vc '", "seg_content": "On Tuesday , a panel of experts gathered online at the Benzinga Virtual Cannabis Capital Conference to debate venture capital investing in the cannabis industry . The panel featured CNBC 's trader and market strategist Tim Seymour as moderator and included : Roderick Stephan , founding partner at Altitude Investment Management Douglas Hannah , managing director at Silver Leaf Narbe Alexandrian , president , and CEO at Canopy Rivers -LRB- TSX : RIV -RRB- -LRB- PINK : CNPOF -RRB- Matthew Norgren , CEO , and founder at ARCADIAN Fund Raising capital is one of the challenges founders are facing across industries . Seymour asked the panel to share their perspective on several issues . Stephan said that `` capital raising has been strained for almost a year , '' which led to the capital markets being `` less open . '' He further explained that venture capital firms are working to ensure that their portfolio companies manage their cash adequately in anticipation of an event , such as an election or deregulation , that will open up the markets . `` It 's slowly coming back just like we see more cars on the road today than we did back in April , '' added Stephan . Picking Out Good Investments `` We look for a specialization within the market companies that are really focused on what they 're doing very , very well , '' stated Alexandrian , adding that they help them `` patch into the inputs and outputs depending on where they are in the value chain . '' He further pointed out that vertical integration `` does n't work . '' Hannah partially backed up Alexandrian saying it 's a `` two-sided sword , '' considering that too vertically integrated companies became too `` distracted , '' even though they are interested in diversified businesses . `` We really have an aligned interest to grow the valuation of the company '' they invested in , said Hannah , adding that they `` kind of look at it as a marriage . '' Venture Capital Community , Now And Then When commenting on the venture capital community today and a year ago , Hannah highlighted that it became more `` aligned '' and a `` lot smarter . '' Norgren seconded Hannah adding there 's an `` ecosystem of companies '' that are supportive of each other . `` Yes , there 's a lack of capital , '' noted Norgern , but `` we do n't want to see anybody lose . '' Venture capital represents the lack of institutional capital , explained Norgern . However , it 's about strategy and teamwork .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17146565/cannabis-investors-say-stop-chasing-and-start-attracting-the-right-vcs", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.41834265599048903, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtGK8w", "stitle": "Mesa man accused of plotting to kill brother , turn family members into ` sex slaves '", "seg_title_stem": "Mesa man accuse of plot to kill brother , turn family member into ` sex slave '", "seg_content": "MESA , AZ -LRB- 3TV/CBS 5 -RRB- -- A Mesa man has been arrested for allegedly plotting to kill his brother and turn his brother 's family members into `` sex slaves . '' Ross Emmick , 36 , was arrested on Aug. 14 . He faces charges of conspiracy to commit murder , theft by extortion , stalking , and computer tampering . The feud between Emmick and his brother stemmed from an inheritance left by their grandparents . Police say the inheritance money had been legally granted to Emmick 's brother , but that Emmick did `` not believe that the victim should have received any money . '' The brother then reportedly sought and was granted a restraining order against Emmick . But in July , investigators say Emmick 's girlfriend contacted the police , warning then that Emmick was planning to do something to his brother , and saying that she was scared . Emmick `` is a lot smarter than you think he is , '' the girlfriend wrote , according to investigators . `` He is 100 % positive that he can do whatever he is going to do numerous times . '' She also reportedly said she had never `` seen the defendant like this . '' According to the police report , the girlfriend told police that Emmick said he would `` wreak havoc '' on his brother 's life until he paid back the money and dropped the restraining order against him . So police met with Emmick on July 2 . Detectives told him to stick to the order of protection and `` let it go , '' and that `` money is not that important . '' But following that conversation , police were made aware of several other emails from Emmick to his brother . According to the police report , Emmick stated he was `` going to have your house burnt down again and again and again . '' Emmick also told the victim in an email , what would happen if he went to the police '' `` Take your life and your son and daughter become victims of rape and torture , '' the police report states . Also stated in the police report , Emmick told his brother that `` you will be kill -LSB- sic -RSB- they will be kidnapped and turned into sex slaves '' and `` you are going to be killed . '' Police say that Emmick had a plan in place to kill his brother , and that he had hired people to do so . '' In an interview following his arrest , Emmick told police that `` he did in fact hire someone to kill the victim , '' according to the police report , and that `` it would still happen and would not do anything to stop it unless he got his money . '' Later , he told police he had `` made up that part where he had hired people to kill the victim . '' Emmick was taken into custody and is being held on $ 350,000 bail . He 's due back in court Friday .", "url": "https://www.azfamily.com/news/mesa-man-accused-of-plotting-to-kill-brother-turn-family-members-into-sex-slaves/article_89510f00-e107-11ea-828d-cf85def94b93.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.8989200592041016, "CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.8989200592041016, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7527891702394223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtJCXr", "stitle": "Affidavit : Sex offender asked Wichita boy , 10 , if he wanted to have sex", "seg_title_stem": "affidavit : sex offender ask Wichita boy , 10 , if he want to have sex", "seg_content": "Sunday afternoon a 10-year-old boy was approached by a sex offender making sexually explicit comments , then grabbing his arm . The boy broke free and ran to this QT on South Broadway to get help . pic.twitter.com/XUbnb3bDt8 -- Morgan Mobley KAKE -LRB- @MMobleyKAKE -RRB- July 20 , 2020 According to the affidavit , the boy told authorities he went to a Wichita convenience store on July 19 when he was approached by a man , later identified as Ketcherside , who asked his age and where he lived . Ketcherside then allegedly asked the boy if he had ever had sex , KAKE-TV reported . When the boy said no , Ketcherside allegedly grabbed the boy 's wrist and asked if he could have sex with `` that fine -LRB- expletive -RRB- of yours , '' the television station reported .", "url": "https://www.wsbtv.com/news/trending/affidavit-sex-offender-asked-wichita-boy-10-if-he-wanted-have-sex/VODPI33TZZCMZCAL4WHU52HJAE/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03167639719774392, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtMgiu", "stitle": "Expert Grape Growers Aim To Become The Leading Cannabis Cultivator For The Biotechnology Industry", "seg_title_stem": "expert grape Growers Aim to become the lead Cannabis Cultivator for the Biotechnology industry", "seg_content": "When Paul and Margaret Caracciolo founded Mill Station Vineyards in Sonoma in 2008 , they imagined a modest semi-retired life parlaying their careers in the biotechnology industry to perfect their winemaking craft . As scientists , they immediately started experimenting and optimizing their growing operations on 8 1/2 acres of ultra-premium grapes . Neighboring vineyards took notice of their expertise and started buying their grapes in volume to make some of the most coveted Pinot Noirs available from the Russian River Valley . `` My wife and I both work in the biotech industry , '' Caracciolo recounted . `` As scientists , we look at Sonoma as a laboratory . We develop standard protocols for the way that we approach cultivation -- everything from the soil , the water and fertilizers are precisely calibrated to create high-quality grapes . '' When California approved the 2016 voter initiative to legalize cannabis , the pair realized that they were well-positioned to leverage their biotech background and operational prowess to jumpstart their entry into one of the fastest-growing industries in the region . They made the pivotal decision to diversify by growing cannabis on their property . `` We took our quality approach to wine and ported it over to cannabis cultivation , '' Caracciolo said . `` There are a lot of analogies when it comes to irrigating and scaling these two farming products . '' Caracciolo was completing his Master 's in biochemistry at the University of Colorado when he helped develop biopharmaceuticals for a company that was acquired by Amgen . He has spent much of his life in healthcare , having been the Chief Technology Officer for Stanford Children 's Hospital as well as the Duke University Health System . Caracciolo 's immediate goal is to capitalize on the things that they currently do well . They recently added a cannabis nursery business , and are crafting clones for other farms and extending their reach as a trusted partner in the supply chain . `` We are expanding our footprint to become a much larger cultivation presence in Northern California , '' Caracciolo said . Caracciolo 's customers know that they can depend on the quality of the cannabis that they receive and not worry about variations from one shipment to the next . It is this ability to control the variables and deliver a very precise and consistent product that is much sought after in the biotechnology industry . Sonoma Biologics has been set up to focus on the extraction of over 100 cannabinoids that can be applied for different therapeutics . New processes have been developed to deliver high-quality compounds that meet the rigors of FDA-approved products . `` Growing grapes on this scale really gave us a head start in the cannabis business , '' said Caracciolo . `` All other factors being equal , it ca n't be overstated that being enthusiastic and passionate about your products is n't enough . You need the science to take your products to the next level . '' In fact , many of Sonoma Biologics ' seed investors are executives from the traditional pharmaceutical and biotech industries . Some have even taken on advisory roles on the board . It also helps that two of the top schools for agricultural sciences in the nation are just a few hours ' drive away . Sonoma Biologics ' close proximity to California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo and the University of California in Davis has made it easier to tap the latest research and to develop a pipeline of product licenses . `` We 're fortunate in that we have good cash flow from our core business , '' said Caracciolo . `` With that said , we are still looking for strategic investors and partners to help accelerate our ability to develop the compounds needed for new therapeutics . '' Visit Invest In Cannabis and Invest In Sonoma Biologics to get more information about Sonoma Biologics today .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/general/crowdsourcing/20/08/17147070/expert-grape-growers-aim-to-become-the-leading-cannabis-cultivator-for-the-biotechnology-in", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7527891702394223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtOtsh", "stitle": "Affidavit : Sex offender asked Wichita boy , 10 , if he wanted to have sex", "seg_title_stem": "affidavit : sex offender ask Wichita boy , 10 , if he want to have sex", "seg_content": "Sunday afternoon a 10-year-old boy was approached by a sex offender making sexually explicit comments , then grabbing his arm . The boy broke free and ran to this QT on South Broadway to get help . pic.twitter.com/XUbnb3bDt8 -- Morgan Mobley KAKE -LRB- @MMobleyKAKE -RRB- July 20 , 2020 According to the affidavit , the boy told authorities he went to a Wichita convenience store on July 19 when he was approached by a man , later identified as Ketcherside , who asked his age and where he lived . Ketcherside then allegedly asked the boy if he had ever had sex , KAKE-TV reported . When the boy said no , Ketcherside allegedly grabbed the boy 's wrist and asked if he could have sex with `` that fine -LRB- expletive -RRB- of yours , '' the television station reported .", "url": "https://www.boston25news.com/news/trending/affidavit-sex-offender-asked-wichita-boy-10-if-he-wanted-have-sex/VODPI33TZZCMZCAL4WHU52HJAE/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1335101197209753, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtP18V", "stitle": "Raleigh man held under $ 10 million bond on sex charges with juvenile", "seg_title_stem": "Raleigh man hold under $ 10 million bond on sex charge with juvenile", "seg_content": "Raleigh , N.C. -- A Raleigh man has been arrested and is facing charges of sexually abusing a juvenile . Ceasar Augusto Arenas , 57 , was arrested by investigators with the Wake County Sheriff 's Office on Monday . He was charged with first-degree rape of a child , 15 counts of taking indecent liberties with a child and seven counts of sexual offense with a child . The crimes happened over three years , investigators said . Investigators said the victim shared details with a deputy last month , which led to the arrest . The victim reported the offenses occurred from 2009 to 2012 , beginning when she was 12 . Arenas was taken into custody and processed into the Wake County Detention Center . Bond has been set at $ 9,999,999 .", "url": "https://www.wral.com/raleigh-man-held-under-10-million-bond-on-sex-charges-with-juvenile/19241946/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11772416521894169, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'pissing': 1}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'fucked': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtSUIS", "stitle": "Facebook Just Told Oculus Users to Go Get Fucked", "seg_title_stem": "Facebook just tell Oculus Users to go get fucked", "seg_content": "It 's official . Starting this October , a Facebook account will be mandatory for all future Oculus headsets . While there 'll be a grace period for anyone with a separate Oculus account , Facebook will end support for those on January 1 , 2023 . The decision was announced today on both Oculus 's Twitter and in a press release . The gist of it is anyone who is new to an Oculus device after October must log in with a Facebook account . At that time , existing Oculus users will have the option of merging their Facebook and Oculus accounts . Anyone who does n't merge will have two years before their Oculus accounts are kaput . The devices will technically still work , but `` full functionality will require a Facebook account . '' Notably , all future , unreleased Oculus devices will also require a Facebook account , regardless of whether you already have an Oculus account . This is perhaps a reference to the rumored successor to the Oculus Quest , which leaks suggest may launch as early as September 15 . What about things you already purchased on your Oculus account ? Well , Facebook says it will `` take steps '' to allow folks to keep the things they 've already bought but it `` expect -LSB- s -RSB- some games and apps may no longer work , '' hinting that developers may decide to include features that require a Facebook account or just stop supporting the app or game in question . As you might imagine , the replies to Oculus 's announcement on Twitter are less than kind . In a few instances , users cried foul , pointing to a promise from founder Palmer Luckey when Facebook acquired Oculus that people would n't need to log into Facebook when they wanted to use the Oculus Rift . While the move is painted as a means of streamlining the VR experience by `` giving people a single way to log in , '' it 's also a blatant attempt at forcing people onto Facebook 's platform so it can get your sweet , sweet data . This has been coming for some time . Last year , the Oculus platform got a boatload of social features that no one asked for . It required a Facebook login to work and introduced an element of data harvesting for targeted ads . Those privacy fears are warranted . In its statement , Oculus said it would be updating its Terms of Service and Privacy Policy to reflect the new changes . It also reiterated that when users log into Oculus with their Facebook account , Facebook `` will use information related to your use of VR and other Facebook products to provide and improve your experience . '' Oh , and also to show you targeted ads . Oculus will also be jettisoning its separate Code of Conduct in favor of Facebook 's Community Standards because we all know that Facebook is real great at managing its community . Aside from pissing off several Oculus owners and developers , requiring a Facebook account for hardware is a dick move . Not everyone who wants to try VR has a Facebook account , or even wants one , considering the social media company 's piss-poor track record when it comes to privacy . In the wake of the Cambridge Analytica scandal , Pew Research Center found that 54 % of adult Facebook users had adjusted their privacy settings , with 42 % saying they were taking a break from the platform and an additional 26 % had deleted the app from their phones . Online , there 's no shortage of articles online that walk you through deleting Facebook accounts or think pieces about what it 's like to actually go through with it . Essentially , what Facebook is doing here is sacrificing a user 's ability to keep their hobbies separate from social media and data collection . It 's a strategy that 's not limited to Oculus hardware -- the company requires Facebook accounts to use its creepy Portal devices , which surprise , surprise , also harvests data . Facebook will never explicitly admit it , but it 's likely made the calculation that user data is more valuable and profitable than selling niche gadgets . It may be gambling that even if several Oculus users leave the platform on principle , their loss will be made up by harvesting the data of those that decide to stay or new users who do n't particularly care what Facebook does as a company . Either which way , this is a sad day for that Venn diagram intersection of people who love VR and care about digital privacy .", "url": "https://gizmodo.com/facebook-just-told-oculus-users-to-go-get-fucked-1844765573", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 1.0000100135803223, "TechnologyElectronics": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"TechnologyElectronics_Computers": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7527891702394223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtV6Ks", "stitle": "Affidavit : Sex offender asked Wichita boy , 10 , if he wanted to have sex", "seg_title_stem": "affidavit : sex offender ask Wichita boy , 10 , if he want to have sex", "seg_content": "Sunday afternoon a 10-year-old boy was approached by a sex offender making sexually explicit comments , then grabbing his arm . The boy broke free and ran to this QT on South Broadway to get help . pic.twitter.com/XUbnb3bDt8 -- Morgan Mobley KAKE -LRB- @MMobleyKAKE -RRB- July 20 , 2020 According to the affidavit , the boy told authorities he went to a Wichita convenience store on July 19 when he was approached by a man , later identified as Ketcherside , who asked his age and where he lived . Ketcherside then allegedly asked the boy if he had ever had sex , KAKE-TV reported . When the boy said no , Ketcherside allegedly grabbed the boy 's wrist and asked if he could have sex with `` that fine -LRB- expletive -RRB- of yours , '' the television station reported .", "url": "https://www.wsoctv.com/news/trending/affidavit-sex-offender-asked-wichita-boy-10-if-he-wanted-have-sex/VODPI33TZZCMZCAL4WHU52HJAE/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7527891702394223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtZlfo", "stitle": "Affidavit : Sex offender asked Wichita boy , 10 , if he wanted to have sex", "seg_title_stem": "affidavit : sex offender ask Wichita boy , 10 , if he want to have sex", "seg_content": "Sunday afternoon a 10-year-old boy was approached by a sex offender making sexually explicit comments , then grabbing his arm . The boy broke free and ran to this QT on South Broadway to get help . pic.twitter.com/XUbnb3bDt8 -- Morgan Mobley KAKE -LRB- @MMobleyKAKE -RRB- July 20 , 2020 According to the affidavit , the boy told authorities he went to a Wichita convenience store on July 19 when he was approached by a man , later identified as Ketcherside , who asked his age and where he lived . Ketcherside then allegedly asked the boy if he had ever had sex , KAKE-TV reported . When the boy said no , Ketcherside allegedly grabbed the boy 's wrist and asked if he could have sex with `` that fine -LRB- expletive -RRB- of yours , '' the television station reported .", "url": "https://www.wftv.com/news/trending/affidavit-sex-offender-asked-wichita-boy-10-if-he-wanted-have-sex/VODPI33TZZCMZCAL4WHU52HJAE/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006083858953338177, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgtb74V", "stitle": "More than 1,000 pounds of marijuana seized at Canadian border", "seg_title_stem": "more than 1,000 pound of marijuana seize at canadian border", "seg_content": "More than 1,000 pounds of marijuana was seized at the Canadian border in Port Huron . Monday , Customs and Border Protection officers inspected a commercial truck coming from Ontario and destined for various parts of Michigan . The manifest said the truck was supposed to be carrying office furniture but instead found 1,114 pounds of marijuana in vacuum sealed bags . `` Even during a pandemic , traffickers continue to attempt to exploit our borders and will stop at nothing to try and introduce illicit drugs into our communities , '' said Port Director Michael Fox , who oversees operations at the Port Huron Area Port of Entry . `` Our officers remain steadfast in their commitment to protecting our borders from all types of criminal activity . '' Officers said since the border was closed to nonessential travel due to the pandemic , Michigan has seen an significant increase in narcotics seized at the order", "url": "https://www.wnem.com/news/more-than-1-000-pounds-of-marijuana-seized-at-canadian-border/article_b4a10d1a-e196-11ea-b054-cfbf3ba0bc05.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999924898147583}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999924898147583}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.9051879290560996, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'bra': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtbDHc", "stitle": "Rachel Ward Flaunts Pert Derriere In Figure-Hugging Floral Activewear", "seg_title_stem": "Rachel Ward flaunt Pert Derriere in Figure-Hugging Floral Activewear", "seg_content": "On Tuesday , August 18 , British model Rachel Ward shared a series of sizzling snaps with her 613,000 Instagram followers . According to the geotag , the pictures were taken in Monte-Carlo , Monaco . In the first image , Rachel appeared to be walking up steps in front of a gorgeous building . She faced away from the photographer and arched her back , which accentuated her curvaceous figure . The 29-year-old looked over her shoulder to gaze directly at the camera , parting her full lips . She sizzled in blue floral activewear manufactured by the clothing brand Bo and Tee , which is available to purchase on retailer Oh Polly 's website . The workout set featured a racerback sports bra and a pair of high-waisted skintight leggings that helped showcase her pert derriere . Rachel finished off the sporty look with white Nike tennis shoes , statement earrings , a silver watch , and her sparkling wedding ring set . The blond beauty had also pulled back her long locks in a sleek ponytail , giving fans a better view of her gorgeous face . She changed locations for the following photo and sat on what appears to be a cement bench . Rachel placed one of her hands on her thigh , as she touched the side of her head . She focused her attention on the photographer and gave the camera a sultry look . View this post on Instagram Feeling the Heat ???????? ♀ @boandtee BLOOM has landed ???? @ohpolly #forgirlsbygirls AD A post shared by Rachel ward -LRB- @rachelward_e -RRB- on Aug 18 , 2020 at 11:26 am PDT Rachel tagged Bo and Tee and Oh Polly in her post . Quite a few of her followers took the time to shower her with compliments in the comments section . `` Gorgeous , '' wrote a fan , adding a string of blue heart emoji to the comment . `` -LSB- L -RSB- ove this look !! xx , '' added a different devotee . `` Beautiful , '' remarked another admirer , along with a heart-eyes emoji . `` Lovely Rach x , '' chimed in a fourth Instagram user . Some commenters , however , seemed to have been rendered speechless by the photos and instead used a trail of emoji to express their admiration for the model . Rachel graciously responded to some of the comments , thanking her dedicated followers for their kind words . The post appeared to be a fan favorite as it soon racked up more than 3,000 likes . As fans are aware , this is far from the first time that the model has shown off her amazing assets on social media . In fact , a majority of her Instagram photos show her in revealing outfits . For instance , she recently uploaded a picture in which she wore a figure-hugging mini dress with ruched detailing . That post has been liked over 18,000 times since it was shared .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6232011/rachel-ward-pert-derriere-activewear/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9895473718643188, "Lifestyle": 0.846303403377533}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9895473718643188, "Lifestyle_Other": 0.846303403377533}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.20123009980331477, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtoHv9", "stitle": "Hasbrouck Heights Package Loader , 19 , Charged With Having Sex With Underage Girl", "seg_title_stem": "Hasbrouck Heights Package Loader , 19 , charged with have sex with underage Girl", "seg_content": "A 19-year-old package loader from Hasbrouck Heights was charged with having sex with a girl more than four years younger than him . Jonathan Bonilla was booked into the Bergen County Jail following his arrest late Monday on charges of sexual assault and child endangerment . Hasbrouck Heights police received a complaint Sunday night alleging that Bonilla `` engaged in sexual penetration '' with the teen , Bergen County Prosecutor Mark Musella said . Members of Musella 's Special Victims Unit arrested him following an investigation with borough police , the prosecutor said . Under New Jersey state law , statutory rape occurs when one of the partners is between 13 and 16 and the other is at least four years older . Those adults who claim `` she/he looked 18 ″ -- or said the victim showed a fake ID -- have no defense , under what is known as the standard of strict liability . An adult also ca n't claim that he or she was seduced . If convicted , an adult faces up to 10 years in prison if the youngster was between 13 and 16 . Penalties are much more severe if the child is younger than that . Convicted adults also must register as Megan 's Law offenders , with lifetime parole . Defendants in statutory rape cases also can be sued in civil court for personal injury . Bonilla will remain in the jail pending a first appearance in Central Judicial Processing Court in Hackensack . to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .", "url": "https://dailyvoice.com/new-jersey/ridgefieldpark/police-fire/hasbrouck-heights-package-loader-19-charged-with-having-sex-with-underage-girl/792711/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16624928642772646, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtpkiX", "stitle": "Coronavirus outbreak at Spain brothel as 8 sex workers test positive and clients stay quiet sparking tracing fears", "seg_title_stem": "Coronavirus outbreak at Spain brothel as 8 sex worker test positive and client stay quiet spark trace fear", "seg_content": "EIGHT sex workers at a Spanish brothel have tested positive for Covid-19 - creating a nightmare for authorities struggling to trace anyone who may have come into contact with them . The tracking team in Alcázar de San Juan has admitted it is having great difficulty tracing the potential spread of the virus as the brothel 's clients are reluctant to come forward . ⚠ Read our coronavirus live blog for the latest news & updates Alcázar de San Juan is in the central Spanish province of Ciudad Real and attracts international tourists . Four men in the town of around 30,000 have been traced and told to go into isolation but locals say there will be many more who have visited the `` hostess club '' and wo n't come forward . Health chiefs say they are pretty sure the sex workers respected most of the coronavirus safety regulations including wearing masks , but failed to stay a metre-and-a-half away from everyone they came into contact with . Over 7,000 positive cases have been recorded in Ciudad Real since the beginning of the pandemic . The local hospitals have warned about the danger of the virus spreading and have called on any men who attended the club to `` show responsibility '' and come forward for testing . The hostess club is located opposite a supermarket and residents say it goes about its business in a relatively quiet manner . When locals noticed a commotion and police on the scene , they thought it was a raid . Residents then spotted people in protective gear disinfecting the area and putting `` closed '' signs on the premises . Opposition councillor in the town , Andrea Fernández tweeted : `` It is important to remember the high risk that runs not only the locality , but the entire community if not all those infected are detected in due time . `` For this reason , the hospitals of Alcázar call for prudence to prevent the virus from spreading like wildfire . '' Public Health of Castilla-La Mancha confirmed the outbreak and the difficulty in tracking contacts as with all other cases . `` We recall that the citizens of Alcázar de San Juan suffered greatly with the first wave of the pandemic and it is feared that the same story will be repeated . `` Therefore , all clients of the brothel are recommended to undergo tests to find out if they are infected or not , '' a spokesman urged .", "url": "https://www.the-sun.com/news/1322119/spain-brothel-8-sex-workers-coronavirus-contact-tracing/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9989393353462219}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9989393353462219}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06427488965120638, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgtzC7D", "stitle": "Child Sex Crimes Suspect Wanted After Failing To Show In Court", "seg_title_stem": "child sex crime Suspect want after fail to Show In Court", "seg_content": "Tuesday , August 18th 2020 , 10:25 pm OKLAHOMA CITY - Authorities are working around the clock to find a suspect who failed to appear in front of a jury Monday . Oklahoma City police reported that Walter E. Walker allegedly has nine victims . Police said at the time the victims were boys between 8 and 13 years old , and that the crimes date back years . In 2016 , Oklahoma City police said they responded to case of child molestation in which 54-year old Walter Walker allegedly tried to watch the boys `` shower '' or `` put lotion '' on them . Walker was later charged but bonded out of jail . Then in 2019 , while awaiting trial , police said Walker targeted a new group of young boys . According to police reports , Walker allegedly taught the children `` to fix cars '' and even `` called himself the grandfather to the children . '' Again , police reported the male victims were between 8 and 13 years old , but this time they were asked to preform sexual acts . Walker bailed out of jail again in January , and both cases were scheduled to be heard Monday in court . Walker 's bond was $ 37,500 cash which has now been forfeited . His charges include : six counts of forcible sodomy and four counts of indecent acts with a child under 16 . Until Walker is found , a court date will not be set . `` This individual that we will leave no stone unturned . We will use all of our resources , working with our local partners , state partners and our national partners as well , '' said Mark Myers of the Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office . `` His information has been placed into a national database , so if he has skipped town , law enforcement across the United States when they run his information they will see he has a warrant in Oklahoma . '' Police do ask you to call 911 or CrimeStoppers if you spot Walker . His attorney had no comment on the case .", "url": "http://www.news9.com/story/5f3c9bb9ab17b30ba2c00901/child-sex-crimes-suspect-wanted-after-failing-to-show-in-court-", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1595512112092852, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgu9HqS", "stitle": "Is Brock Turner , a Registered Sex Offender , Speaking at the RNC ? No", "seg_title_stem": "be Brock Turner , a Registered sex offender , speak at the RNC ? no", "seg_content": "Brock Turner , who was tried and convicted of three counts of sexual assault after attempting to rape an `` unconscious intoxicated woman '' in 2015 , started to trend on Twitter on August 18 , as it was rumored that he would be speaking at the 2020 Republican National Convention this month . Turner , who 's now 24 years old and living in Bellbrook , Ohio , according to Megan 's Law registration , is not scheduled to speak at the RNC next week . The rumor started trending on Twitter after comedian Jena Friedman tweeted , `` BREAKING NEWS : Brock Turner , Stanford Student Athlete Who Assaulted Unconscious Woman , Will Speak At RNC . '' BREAKING NEWS : Brock Turner , Stanford Student Athlete Who Assaulted Unconscious Woman , Will Speak At RNC . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 In 2016 , Turner , a former swimmer at Stanford University , admitted to sexually assaulting Chanel Miller , who identified herself as the victim . Turner , who was 20 at the time , could have received up to 14 years in federal prison , but because he was a first-time offender and showed remorse , Judge Aaron Persky sentenced him to six months in county jail . He served for three months . JENA IS A COMEDIAN . She made a joke . That 's her job . It 's in her bio . She 's not a journalist . The fact that Brock Turner would fit right in with the RNC speakers is n't her fault . pic.twitter.com/UXyVeacemy -- Holly Figueroa O'Reilly -LRB- @AynRandPaulRyan -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Jokes have been swirling on Twitter about who will be speaking at the RNC , which takes place Monday , August 24 , through Thursday , August 27 , after it was announced that Mark and Patricia McCloskey , the married lawyers who wielded guns against peaceful Black Lives Matter protesters passing by their gated community in St. Louis , would be participating at the event . The McCloskeys were separately charged with felony unlawful use of a weapon but the charges were eventually dropped . After Fox News confirmed that Nicholas Sandmann would be speaking at the RNC , Twitter users responded with more fake RNC speakers . I ca n't tell you all enough about how excited I am to be apart of this years RNC ! https://t.co/lur4zw1YS8 -- Nicholas Sandmann -LRB- @N1ckSandmann -RRB- August 18 , 2020 The former Covington Catholic High School student who made national headlines in 2019 after the video of his interaction with Omaha Tribe elder Nathan Elder at the Lincoln Memorial went viral . Sandmann made headlines again in July after it was announced that he had settled his $ 250 million defamation lawsuit against The Washington Post . What Is Brock Turner Doing Now ? #BREAKING : Former Stanford swimmer Brock Turner released from jail after serving half his 6-month sentence for rape . pic.twitter.com/QEXFJf8I8Z -- FOX 29 -LRB- @FOX29philly -RRB- September 2 , 2016 In December 2017 , Turner filed an appeal for a new trial , but it was unanimously rejected by a three-judge panel of 6th District Court of Appeal in San Jose , California , and he was forced to register as a sex offender for life . Judge Franklin Elia , who wrote on behalf of the panel , said there was `` substantial evidence '' to support the convictions on all three charges . Turner is now listed as a Tier III sex offender , which is the most severe sex offender designation . He is required to verify his address every 90 days , according to Ohio 's criminal code . Turner 's work address listed on his Megan 's Law registration matches the address for Tark , Inc. , a company that manufactures cooling packages for the CT and X-Ray tube industry , according to its website . `` He worked in shipping and receiving and he 's now in quality control . He 's been with us for just over two years , '' the Daily Mail reported in 2019 , quoting an anonymous source . `` He 's really quiet and polite . He does n't say much and he 's not really chatty with anyone . He just keeps his head down and does his job , no problems . '' Who Else Is Scheduled to Speak at the Republican National Convention ? In addition to the McCloskeys and Sandmann , numerous other speakers have already been confirmed to give speeches at the RNC . Those slated to speak include first lady Melania Trump , Vice President Mike Pence , former U.N. ambassador Nikki Haley and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy , according to The Washington Post .", "url": "https://heavy.com/news/2020/08/brock-turner-republican-national-convention-speakers/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.944101095199585}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.944101095199585}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15109843190407196, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WguCwO1", "stitle": "Florida 7-year-old stalked by naked man , deputies say", "seg_title_stem": "Florida 7-year-old stalk by naked man , deputy say", "seg_content": "Deputies say Eric Straight , 50 , went to the 7-year-old Santa Rosa County girl 's bedroom window while naked for several nights in a row . He has been released on bond . https://t.co/0O3YSFECuD -- WEAR ABC 3 -LRB- @weartv -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` He knows that window belonged to the 7-year-old 's bedroom . So he knows that , and he 's naked and knocked on that window ? If -LRB- the girl 's father -RRB- would have come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , yeah , we would 've been fine with that , '' Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a Tuesday news conference .", "url": "https://www.wpxi.com/news/trending/florida-7-year-old-stalked-by-naked-man-deputies-say/2M54MAITXJHYBH7TSVG6MRJD6Q/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15109843190407196, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WguIDSm", "stitle": "Florida 7-year-old stalked by naked man , deputies say", "seg_title_stem": "Florida 7-year-old stalk by naked man , deputy say", "seg_content": "Deputies say Eric Straight , 50 , went to the 7-year-old Santa Rosa County girl 's bedroom window while naked for several nights in a row . He has been released on bond . https://t.co/0O3YSFECuD -- WEAR ABC 3 -LRB- @weartv -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` He knows that window belonged to the 7-year-old 's bedroom . So he knows that , and he 's naked and knocked on that window ? If -LRB- the girl 's father -RRB- would have come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , yeah , we would 've been fine with that , '' Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a Tuesday news conference .", "url": "https://www.boston25news.com/news/trending/florida-7-year-old-stalked-by-naked-man-deputies-say/2M54MAITXJHYBH7TSVG6MRJD6Q/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07286947226531931, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WguYywD", "stitle": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office Warns Of Sex Offender Phone Scam", "seg_title_stem": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office warn of sex offender phone scam", "seg_content": "This phone scam that is currently going around the Texas Panhandle is hitting local registered sex offenders . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office in a statement said that an individual calling registered sex offenders and claiming to be a sergeant with a local sheriff 's office . The phone scam tells the victims they have warrants and are required to submit a DNA sample . The victim is then told a random amount of money to put on a pre-paid card to avoid being arrested . All of the calls have originated from a number with the local 806 area code . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office says it will never call anyone with outstanding warrants to request money and anyone receiving a call of this nature should not send money in any form to the caller . Report any of these phone scam calls to the Randall County Sheriff 's Office at 806-468-5800 .", "url": "https://kissfm969.com/randall-county-sheriffs-office-warns-of-sex-offender-phone-scam/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8107117386963615, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WguiH8O", "stitle": "The Stupid Reason Why Sex Offender Brock Turner Trended Again in 2020", "seg_title_stem": "the Stupid Reason why sex offender Brock Turner Trended Again in 2020", "seg_content": "If you 're like us , you 're wondering why on earth convicted sexual assailant Brock Turner , 25 , trended on Twitter in 2020 . Well , a number of people seemed to think he was actually going to speak at the upcoming Republican National Convention . This tweet from comedian Jena Friedman had 8,600 likes , and 6,600 retweets as of Tuesday afternoon . BREAKING NEWS : Brock Turner , Stanford Student Athlete Who Assaulted Unconscious Woman , Will Speak At RNC . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Some Twitter users apparently thought Friedman was being serious , or they acknowledged that they could believe it if it were true . Others recognized it as a joke . Turner was convicted and sentenced for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman outside of a 2015 frat party . His six-month jail sentence -LRB- actually , three months in practice -RRB- and his attitude toward the case sparked outrage . He is currently on the sex offender registry in Ohio , according to records viewed by Law & Crime . So some people took Friedman at her word . The thing is , she 's a comedian . These are the tweets that bookend her post about Turner at the RNC . BREAKING NEWS : Bat Who Gave The World Covid Will Speak At RNC -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Now I see how QAnon spreads . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Happy 2020 , everybody . The trend happened as there was some real , eye-catching choices for appearances at the event . In particular , there 's Nicholas Sandmann , the former Covington Catholic student who sued CNN , The Washington Post and others . There 's also Missouri couple Mark and Patricia McCloskey , who were recently charged for pointing guns at protesters -LRB- they said they were acting in self-defense -RRB- . `` I do n't want to get kicked off twitter for other people not understanding satire , '' Friedman wrote Tuesday afternoon . Some Republicans are more upset with my tweet than with a rapist being President . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 While I have your attention : @TheDemocrats , please stop giving Bill Clinton a platform . He has admitted to abusing his power and has been accused by multiple women of sexual misconduct . He 's not the future of the party , let him go . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Just for the heck of it , we reached out to the RNC to ask if Brock Turner was going to be a speaker . They did not immediately respond a Law & Crime request for comment . -LSB- Mugshot via Ohio sex offender registry -RSB-", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/the-stupid-reason-why-sex-offender-brock-turner-trended-again-in-2020/ar-BB187mj8", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.0000003576278687}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 1.0000003576278687}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.17670484414267654, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgut5fG", "stitle": "Lifetime sex offender arrested again for child molesting", "seg_title_stem": "lifetime sex offender arrest again for child molest", "seg_content": "POSEY CO. , Ind. -LRB- WFIE -RRB- - The Posey County Sheriff 's Office says a man has been arrested for child molesting , and it 's not the first time . The sheriff says there was a complaint of sexual abuse in New Harmony on July 13 . He says the young victim was interviewed at Holly 's House , and she said a man had touched her in a sexual manner . Officials say 67-year-old Delbert Wayne McKinney was arrested . They say he was on parole and a lifetime sex offender after pleading guilty to child molesting in 2018 . -LSB- Previous : New Harmony man charged with child molesting -RSB- McKinney is now charged with child molesting and failure of a sex offender to possess identification . His parole has now been revoked , and he 's being held in jail without bond .", "url": "https://www.wbtv.com/2020/08/18/lifetime-sex-offender-arrested-again-child-molesting/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wguylqi", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.wftv.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wguyq17", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.whio.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgv1L5f", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.wsbtv.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgv3AJG", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.wpxi.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgv3IN4", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.wsoctv.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgvAGpG", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.kiro7.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3638937706944771, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1, 'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {'latex': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {'latex': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgvHXuG", "stitle": "Appeals court : On 2nd thought , tax bikini latex clubs", "seg_title_stem": "Appeals court : on 2nd thought , tax bikini latex club", "seg_content": "AUSTIN , Texas -LRB- AP -RRB- -- A state appeals court has overturned its own ruling and decided `` bikini latex clubs '' are sexually oriented businesses that are subject to a $ 5-per-patron state tax . The Houston-based 1st Texas Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday in a 21-page opinion that latex-clad dancers at such clubs are nude under state law and that therefore the state can tax each patron . In so doing , it vacated its own January ruling that dismissed a lawsuit brought by Texas Comptroller Glenn Hegar . State law requires specific body parts to be covered by `` fully opaque clothing '' for a club to avoid the levy on sexually oriented businesses . An association of club owners contends the owners are exempt from what has become known as the `` pole tax '' because their dancers wear bikini bottoms and cover their breasts in liquid latex that turns opaque when it hardens . Hegar contends the dancers are nude because latex does not meet the law 's definition of clothing , which he said requires the use of cloth or cloth-like material . The state is still blocked from collecting the tax by a federal judge 's ruling earlier this year that it would be unconstitutional , the Austin American-Statesman reported . The state has asked Senior U.S. District Judge David Ezra to reconsider his ruling . If he does n't , the state plans to appeal to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .", "url": "https://the-journal.com/articles/185076-appeals-court-on-2nd-thought-tax-bikini-latex-clubs", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgvNmz1", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.boston25news.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1428344961353705, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'genitals': 1}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgvYZ49", "stitle": "Sex offender arrested for indecent exposure in store parking lot", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender arrest for indecent exposure in store parking lot", "seg_content": "SPOKANE , Wash. -- Police arrested a 70-year-old sex offender and convicted felon for exposing himself to customers in a retail parking lot . The store , just off the Newport Highway , received complaints of a man sitting in a pickup truck in the parking lot and `` checking out '' female customers , allegedly touching himself in view of other shoppers . Loss prevention officers at the store then called the Spokane Police Department . An officer arrived and observed the man in his truck , who was visibly touching himself while a woman loaded her child into a minivan nearby . The officer then approached the truck , startling the suspect , who had his genitals exposed . The man , identified as 70-year-old Donald Krueger , told the officer that he had to go to the bathroom , but could not make it into the store as he had to use a walker . However , surveillance video over the course of that day and the day prior showed Krueger sitting in his car for several hours , doing the same lewd behavior up until the officer approached him . Krueger was arrested and booked into the Spokane County Jail for felony indecent exposure . COPYRIGHT 2020 BY KXLY . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED . THIS MATERIAL MAY NOT BE PUBLISHED , BROADCAST , REWRITTEN OR REDISTRIBUTED . The Tragic Story of `` Green Boots , '' The Frozen Body On ... By Ranker As a reporter from the BBC once stated , `` When -LSB- Mount -RSB- Everest takes a life , it also keeps it . '' One of Everest 's most famous residents , Green ...", "url": "https://www.kxly.com/70-year-old-sex-offender-arrested-for-indecent-exposure-in-store-parking-lot/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7658894145185534, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgvgASM", "stitle": "Pink Flaunts Her ` Thunder Thighs ' While Riding A Wave", "seg_title_stem": "Pink flaunt she ` Thunder Thighs ' while ride a wave", "seg_content": "`` Raise Your Glass '' singer Pink toasted the size of her thighs in her latest Instagram update . On Tuesday , August 18 , the mother of two shared a photo with her followers that found her putting on an impressive athletic display as she rode a wave . In her post 's caption , Pink , 40 , described the upper part of her powerful legs as `` thunder thighs , '' and she joked that God made them the way that they are because he knew that she 'd put them to good use . She was photographed doing just that by balancing on a wakesurf board and riding the wake produced by an unseen boat . The `` So What '' songstress was wakesurfing just below the peak of a wave of considerable size . There was churning white water behind her and ahead of her . Her board and her body were angled slightly sideways on the wave . She had her knees bent and was leaning forward to maintain her balance as she held one arm up in front her . Pink appeared to be looking down at the rapidly moving water , and the expression on her face was one of exhilaration and concentration . Pink rocked a black bathing suit and a matching life vest . Her pixie cut appeared to be dyed pink . Her flawless skin looked slightly sun-kissed , and it had a healthy glow . A few of her tattoos were visible , including the serpentine dragon on her left thigh . During an interview with The Independent , she revealed that it took seven hours to ink the piece on her skin , and she endured the painful process because she believes that dragons are good luck . View this post on Instagram I always wondered why God gave me thunder thighs . It 's cause he knew I 'd use them . #throwingbuckets #strongismygoal #joyful #wakesurfgirl #somebodysponsormealready A post shared by P!NK -LRB- @pink -RRB- on Aug 18 , 2020 at 2:40 pm PDT Pink 's photo was snapped on a lake with a scenic view of mountains , dense vegetation , and a tall bluff topped with trees . The sky was clear and blue , and the sun was shining down on her as she performed her stunt . In the caption of her post , Pink made it clear that her goal is to be `` strong . '' She also joked that somebody needs to sponsor her , and the reaction to her photo proved that she 's already a wakeboarding star . The image amassed upward of 440,000 likes over the span of a few hours , along with more than 6,000 comments . `` Look at that gorgeous body though , '' read one remark . `` Not thunder thighs but a beautiful strong body ! '' another fan gushed . `` I remember them strong legs crushing 100 miles to feed hungry kids ... skills are multiplying , '' wrote chef Jason Roberts . `` Is there ANYTHING you ca n't do ? '' said stylist Karla Welch . Pink often amazes her fans by showing off her incredible athleticism . They love the difficult aerial routines that she performs during her concerts , but sometimes she also makes waves by demonstrating her strength on the ground . In an Instagram video , she impressed her followers by doing yoga with her son , 3-year-old Jameson Hart , on her back .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6232594/pink-thunder-thighs/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000077486038208}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000077486038208}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgvgVkN", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.fox13memphis.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15109843190407196, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgvzTsI", "stitle": "Florida 7-year-old stalked by naked man , deputies say", "seg_title_stem": "Florida 7-year-old stalk by naked man , deputy say", "seg_content": "Deputies say Eric Straight , 50 , went to the 7-year-old Santa Rosa County girl 's bedroom window while naked for several nights in a row . He has been released on bond . https://t.co/0O3YSFECuD -- WEAR ABC 3 -LRB- @weartv -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` He knows that window belonged to the 7-year-old 's bedroom . So he knows that , and he 's naked and knocked on that window ? If -LRB- the girl 's father -RRB- would have come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , yeah , we would 've been fine with that , '' Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a Tuesday news conference .", "url": "https://www.actionnewsjax.com/news/trending/florida-7-year-old-stalked-by-naked-man-deputies-say/2M54MAITXJHYBH7TSVG6MRJD6Q/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15109843190407196, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgvztd4", "stitle": "Florida 7-year-old stalked by naked man , deputies say", "seg_title_stem": "Florida 7-year-old stalk by naked man , deputy say", "seg_content": "Deputies say Eric Straight , 50 , went to the 7-year-old Santa Rosa County girl 's bedroom window while naked for several nights in a row . He has been released on bond . https://t.co/0O3YSFECuD -- WEAR ABC 3 -LRB- @weartv -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` He knows that window belonged to the 7-year-old 's bedroom . So he knows that , and he 's naked and knocked on that window ? If -LRB- the girl 's father -RRB- would have come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , yeah , we would 've been fine with that , '' Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a Tuesday news conference .", "url": "https://www.fox13memphis.com/news/trending/florida-7-year-old-stalked-by-naked-man-deputies-say/2M54MAITXJHYBH7TSVG6MRJD6Q/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15109843190407196, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgvzwHF", "stitle": "Florida 7-year-old stalked by naked man , deputies say", "seg_title_stem": "Florida 7-year-old stalk by naked man , deputy say", "seg_content": "Deputies say Eric Straight , 50 , went to the 7-year-old Santa Rosa County girl 's bedroom window while naked for several nights in a row . He has been released on bond . https://t.co/0O3YSFECuD -- WEAR ABC 3 -LRB- @weartv -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` He knows that window belonged to the 7-year-old 's bedroom . So he knows that , and he 's naked and knocked on that window ? If -LRB- the girl 's father -RRB- would have come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , yeah , we would 've been fine with that , '' Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson said during a Tuesday news conference .", "url": "https://www.fox23.com/news/trending/florida-7-year-old-stalked-by-naked-man-deputies-say/2M54MAITXJHYBH7TSVG6MRJD6Q/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01187704163490618, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgw06yD", "stitle": "Naperville City Council Votes to Approve Recreational Marijuana Sales", "seg_title_stem": "Naperville City Council Votes to approve recreational Marijuana sale", "seg_content": "After more than a year of debate , the Naperville City Council has voted to allow recreational marijuana sales in Illinois ' third-largest city . The vote , which came down as six council members for and three against , finally puts an end to a debate that has been going on ever since the state approved recreational marijuana sales in 2019 . `` Everyone who is a scientist who I have talked to does not think that this warrants the kind of fear that people seem to have , '' Councilwoman Judy Brodhead said . Brodhead said that she had initial reservations against sales of marijuana , but after her discussions with experts on the subject , she moved into the affirmative column for Tuesday 's vote . Councilman Kevin Coyne voted against sales . `` As you allow these stores to come into your community , you expand marijuana use and as use expands you see expansion of other kinds of drug use , and how much money is worth that ? '' he asked . Naperville currently has one medicinal marijuana dispensary , with council members agreed has not caused any issues in the community . The marijuana issue has sparked plenty of debate in the city , with residents narrowly approving recreational sales in a non-binding referendum during March 's primary election . The city council vote now paves the way for up to three recreational dispensaries to be opened within city limits , while specifying that the three dispensaries will need to be built at least one mile apart from one another .", "url": "https://www.nbcchicago.com/news/local/naperville-city-council-votes-to-approve-recreational-marijuana-sales/2324709/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011492569981060045, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgwPrVd", "stitle": "Former James City County school staffer accused of sex assault", "seg_title_stem": "former James City County school staffer accuse of sex assault", "seg_content": "WILLIAMSBURG , Va. -- Police in James City County say they have arrested a former school staff member at Walsingham Academy , who allegedly sexually assaulted a student decades ago . Kimberly Suzanne Orange , now 50-years-old , was taken into custody Tuesday and charged with three counts of carnal knowledge and three counts of indecent liberties by someone in a supervisory role . Police say the victim , who was 13 at the time , came forward last month , even though the alleged abuse happened in 1996 and 1997 . Authorities said the school learned about it at that time and Orange resigned . A police report was filed , but the student 's parents did n't want to press charges . Orange is currently being held at the Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail without bond .", "url": "https://www.13newsnow.com/article/news/crime/former-james-city-county-school-staffer-accused-of-sex-assault/291-e878b411-31a6-4623-9d2d-2fcd5a250169", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999566078186035}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999566078186035}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.020143215308538635, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgwQYtj", "stitle": "33 Arrested After Statewide Sex Offender Compliance Operation", "seg_title_stem": "33 arrest after statewide sex offender Compliance Operation", "seg_content": "SALT LAKE CITY , Utah -- U.S. Marshals , deputies and officers from 11 law enforcement agencies spread across Utah to conduct `` Operation Reboot , '' believed to be the largest sex offender compliance operation in state history . Officers and agents arrested 33 people including child rapists , parole fugitives and offenders living in homes with children present . The status of an additional 125 offenders has not been verified . `` Operation Reboot '' started Aug. 3 and ended Aug. 14 . The goal was to go door-to-door and utilize the U.S. Marshals Service Violent Fugitive Apprehension Team to remove violent fugitive sex offenders from Utah communities and use investigative techniques to check on 1,000 of the 8,000 sex offenders who are required to register with the state , officials said . The release said 20 % of the sex offenders visited violated registration laws . Non-compliant offenders were identified in every county and city officers searched . Officials hold press conference on sex offender operation LIVE : US Marshal , US Attorney , local law enforcement discuss ` Operation Reboot ' -- a statewide sex offender operation involving 11 separate statewide agencies Posted by KSL 5 TV on Tuesday , August 18 , 2020 `` A major priority of my office is to utilize our authority under the Adam Walsh Act to help protect those most vulnerable to sex offenders , '' said U.S. Marshal for the District of Utah Matthew D. Harris . `` There is nothing more important than protecting our children and our community from child sex predators . An operation of this size and complexity is no easy task , but if it saves just one child or potential victim from a sex offender who has gone unchecked , it 's worth every dime we put into the operation . '' The release said the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act designated the U.S. Marshals Service as the lead federal agency to investigate violations of federal sex offender registration laws and to assist state , local , tribal , and territorial jurisdictions . Even though the operation is officially over , officers will check on hundreds of additional offenders over the coming weeks . `` Before COVID-19 kids had school resource officers , teachers , counselors and friends to lean on if abuse was occurring in the home . In our current times , some kids are being exposed to unsupervised sex offenders , '' said Uintah County Sheriff Steve Labrum . `` The purpose of the checks the U.S. Marshals and local law enforcement are conducting is to make sure sex offenders are living up to the requirements the court has mandated . The whole objective of the visits is to keep our children safe . '' Participating agencies include : Heber City Police Department Park City Police Department Provo Police Department Salt Lake City Police Department St. George Police Department Utah County Sheriff Office Uintah County Sheriff Office Vernal Police Department Wasatch County Sheriff 's Office Washington County Sheriff 's Office", "url": "https://ksltv.com/443653/33-arrested-after-statewide-sex-offender-compliance-operation/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8298818734477844, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'intercourse': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgwUxcw", "stitle": "Terrence Higgins Trust gives advice on sex during Coronavirus", "seg_title_stem": "Terrence Higgins Trust give advice on sex during Coronavirus", "seg_content": "It is to be expected that the `` new normal '' brought about by the pandemic applies to your intimate life as well . Terrence Higgins Trust -- the British charity that campaigns about HIV and sexual health -- has released doctors ' advice on sex during COVID-19 . The Trust has explained that it hopes to help people make informed decisions regarding intercourse in order to prevent the rise of Coronavirus cases and victims . Dr. Michael Brady , Medical Doctor at Terrence Higgins Trust explains that Coronavirus can be transmitted through contact with somebody who is not experiencing any symptoms : `` COVID-19 can be caught from people who have the virus but do not have symptoms , which means that having sex with someone who does n't have COVID-19 symptoms is not a guarantee that you wo n't get it '' . According to Healthline , Dr. Felice Gersh has provided further information on contracting the virus as the doctor states : `` The intercourse itself is n't what 's spreading the virus . It 's the fact that your bodies are so close together . '' How do doctors advise you stay safe ? The majority of doctors agree that at this time , the safest option is to not engage in intercourse . This is seen as a given considering that social distancing rules are still in place . The second safest option , they claim , is to only be intimate with a partner who lives in your household . The least safe would be to have intimate relations with strangers and/or multiple people . Nevertheless , advice has still been given for this option in order to ensure that if -- although it is not advised -- people choose to do so , they may at least do so cautiously and with the necessary precautions . Dr. Michael Brady writes : `` You can reduce your risk of catching or passing on COVID-19 by sticking with a regular partner or limiting the number of sexual partners . Not kissing , wearing a face mask during sex and favouring positions where you 're not face-to-face may also help . ''", "url": "https://iheartintelligence.com/terrence-higgins-trust-gives-advice-on-sex-during-coronavirus/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.5807154178619385, "Health": 0.995410144329071}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.5807154178619385, "Health_Other": 0.995410144329071}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04687686370908612, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgwXvKD", "stitle": "44 % of breast cancer survivors had care delays in April , survey shows", "seg_title_stem": "44 % of breast cancer survivor have care delay in April , survey show", "seg_content": "Nearly half of breast cancer survivors in the U.S. had their care delayed in April as COVID-19 cases surged across the country , a new survey shows . The survey includes responses from 609 breast cancer survivors , collected April 2-27 . Survey results were published in the journal Breast Cancer Research and Treatment . Sixty-three percent of the respondents said they were receiving cancer care , and the average age was 47 years . Forty-four percent of respondents reported a delay in care . About 79 percent reported delays in routine follow-up appointments , and 30 percent reported delays in hospital-or clinic-based cancer therapies , including radiation , infusion therapies and surgical tumor removal . Respondents also reported delays in breast reconstruction surgery -LRB- 66 percent -RRB- , diagnostic imaging -LRB- 60 percent -RRB- and lab testing -LRB- 50 percent -RRB- . More articles oncology : Mission Health moves chemotherapy out of rural areas Dana-Farber Cancer Institute opens center for treatment of BRCA-related cancers How a cancer diagnosis & living through a pandemic are eerily similar © Copyright ASC COMMUNICATIONS 2020 . Interested in LINKING to or REPRINTING this content ? View our policies by clicking here .", "url": "https://www.beckershospitalreview.com/oncology/44-of-breast-cancer-survivors-had-care-delays-in-april-survey-shows.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_FacilitiesServices": 0.9334871172904968}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.18170604281020417, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgwfS8O", "stitle": "Cannabis Stock Gainers And Losers From August 18 , 2020", "seg_title_stem": "Cannabis Stock Gainers and Losers from August 18 , 2020", "seg_content": "Gainers : Leviathan Natural -LRB- OTCQB : LVCNF -RRB- shares closed up 33.95 % at $ 0.20 Cann Group -LRB- OTCQB : CNGGF -RRB- shares closed up 25.48 % at $ 0.39 C21 Investments -LRB- OTCQB : CXXIF -RRB- shares closed up 20 % at $ 0.54 Bloom Energy -LRB- NYSE : BE -RRB- shares closed up 19.16 % at $ 16.98 GrowGeneration -LRB- NASDAQ : GRWG -RRB- shares closed up 9.31 % at $ 17.67 BioHarvest Sciences -LRB- OTC : CNVCF -RRB- shares closed up 8.37 % at $ 0.12 Elixinol Global -LRB- PINK : ELLXF -RRB- shares closed up 6.4 % at $ 0.13 Icanic Brands -LRB- OTCQB : ICNAF -RRB- shares closed up 5.93 % at $ 0.17 Corbus Pharmaceuticals -LRB- NASDAQ : CRBP -RRB- shares closed up 5.56 % at $ 7.50 Liberty Health Sciences -LRB- OTCQX : LHSIF -RRB- shares closed up 4.83 % at $ 0.43 Aleafia Health -LRB- OTCQX : ALEAF -RRB- shares closed up 4.53 % at $ 0.44 Losers : Zenabis Global -LRB- PINK : ZBISF -RRB- shares closed down 11.11 % at $ 0.08 Driven Deliveries -LRB- OTCQB : DRVD -RRB- shares closed down 9.1 % at $ 0.48 48North Cannabis -LRB- PINK : NCNNF -RRB- shares closed down 8.38 % at $ 0.13 Delta 9 Cannabis -LRB- OTCQX : VRNDF -RRB- shares closed down 7.83 % at $ 0.47 Cansortium -LRB- OTCQB : CNTMF -RRB- shares closed down 6.93 % at $ 0.34 Grindrod Shipping Hldgs -LRB- NASDAQ : GRIN -RRB- shares closed down 6.37 % at $ 3.38 Curaleaf Holdings -LRB- OTCQX : CURLF -RRB- shares closed down 6.21 % at $ 8.85 Australis Capital -LRB- OTCQB : AUSAF -RRB- shares closed down 6.11 % at $ 0.12 AusCann Group Holdings -LRB- OTCQX : ACNNF -RRB- shares closed down 5.85 % at $ 0.11 Green Thumb Industries -LRB- OTCQX : GTBIF -RRB- shares closed down 4.67 % at $ 15.10 cbdMd , Inc. -LRB- AMEX : YCBD -RRB- shares closed down 4.59 % at $ 2.91 CV Sciences -LRB- OTCQB : CVSI -RRB- shares closed down 4.23 % at $ 0.68 Neptune Wellness Solns -LRB- NASDAQ : NEPT -RRB- shares closed down 3.94 % at $ 2.68 GW Pharmaceuticals -LRB- NASDAQ : NEPT -RRB- shares closed down 2.55 % at $ 107.07", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17147086/cannabis-stock-gainers-and-losers-from-august-18-2020", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.175875348317941, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgwjjcN", "stitle": "Cannabis According To Tommy Chong : ` The Only Bad Weed Is No Weed '", "seg_title_stem": "cannabis accord to Tommy Chong : ` the only bad weed be no weed '", "seg_content": "Tommy Chong 's Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference debut started after a short , but fitting marijuana delay . `` I 'm a typical stoner , '' the cannabis and comedy icon said Tuesday . `` I forgot . '' Chong , 82 , and his comedy partner of a half-century , Cheech Marin , 74 , announced in July that they have struck a deal with Five Point Holdings to open dispensaries under the Cheech & Chong brand in Arizona , California , Illinois , Nevada and Washington . While Chong has previously licensed his name to cannabis products , this is the first time the duo behind cannabis comedy classics like the `` Up In Smoke '' film and `` Big Bambú '' LP will market marijuana together . Chong told Benzinga he welcomed a new granddaughter Tuesday by his son Paris ' daughter . Born In East L.A. : The Cheech & Chong venture will start with dispensaries in San Francisco and Los Angeles . Those cities are `` our base , '' Chong told Benzinga Cannabis Editor Anthony Noto , tipping his hat to the Mexican Americans and Chicanos who came before `` Cheech & Chong . '' `` They were the ones that took the racist hit on marijuana being deemed illegal , '' he said . In 2003 , Chong himself served nine months in federal prison after being prosecuted for shipping branded bongs and pipes across state lines . His cellmate was `` Wolf of Wall Street '' Jordan Belfort . Chong & Chong were approached about licensing deals as soon as the marijuana legalization movement started , Chong said . `` Luckily , we waited for the right effort . '' - @IAmTonyNoto chatting live with @tommychong at the @Benzinga #Cannabis Capital Conference #BZCannabis pic.twitter.com/gOF1WZV8MC -- Javier Hasse -LRB- @JavierHasse -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Cheech & Chong 's Next Dispensary : When Cheech & Chong start selling weed , `` we 're going to show the world how a dispensary should be , '' Chong said Tuesday . `` They 're not going to be cold pharmaceuticals . All that paranoia is gone , '' he said . `` Every Cheech & Chong dispensary is going to be a hangout . '' For Cheech & Chong , California 's illicit cannabis market is no barrier to entry , he told Noto . Unlicensed cannabis is n't hurting anyone , Chong said . `` If it was n't for the illegal side , all these growers would have no outlets for their excess weed . Also , that 's untaxable money , '' he said , laughing . `` Maybe for the straight crowd it 's hurting somebody . '' Cheech & Chong 's immediate plans do n't include the Canadian market due to the country 's restrictions on celebrity promotion of cannabis , said Chong , who was born in Edmonton , Alberta . Still Smokin ' : A two-time cancer survivor , Chong said marijuana and CBD `` got me off the opioids '' after an operation . All marijuana use is medical , he said : `` you ca n't deny that . '' Chong is now cancer-free and healthy . Chong , who played guitar in the 1960s Motown group Bobby Taylor & the Vancouvers , described some early dealings with weed when he was working in Canada as a musician . A dealer `` would come around and he would roll marijuana dust , '' he said . `` It was n't even bud . It was dust . In these little pinners . And he sold them for $ 1 apiece . '' That was enough to spark Chong 's creative spirit , he said . `` I 've been a one-hitter all my life . '' And while he may be one of the people most linked with the drug , Chong does n't spend a lot of time worrying about strains . `` The only bad weed is no weed . '' Tommy Chong lights up during a visit to Detroit in 2017 . Photo by Dustin Blitchok .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17146937/cannabis-according-to-tommy-chong-the-only-bad-weed-is-no-weed", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9995949864387512}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9995949864387512}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04263088841899349, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgwlXu7", "stitle": "Former Police Officer Sentenced In Child Sex Crime Case", "seg_title_stem": "Former Police Officer Sentenced in Child sex crime case", "seg_content": "OKTIBBEHA COUNTY , Miss. -LRB- WCBI -RRB- - A former Starkville police officer will spend seven years in prison for sending inappropriate photographs and videos to a juvenile . Charles Jordan was sentenced Tuesday morning . Last month , a jury found him guilty of five felony counts of exploiting a child . The judge sentenced him to 12 years with five suspended . In addition to presenting evidence during the trial , prosecutors also used testimony from the victim in the case . Jordan will be on probation for five years after he is released and will have to register as a sex offender .", "url": "https://www.wcbi.com/former-police-officer-sentenced-child-sex-crime-case/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03526176632633981, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgwpJ4z", "stitle": "Study considers strategies used for multidisciplinary breast cancer management during COVID-19 pandemic", "seg_title_stem": "Study consider strategy use for multidisciplinary breast cancer management during covid-19 pandemic", "seg_content": "Announcing a new article publication for the BIO Integration journal . In this commentary article the authors ' Chi Wei Mok , Yert Li Melissa Seet , and Su-Ming Tan from Changi General Hospital , Singapore , and Singhealth Duke-NUS Breast Centre , Singapore consider experiences and strategies used by a Singapore breast surgical unit for multidisciplinary breast cancer management during the COVID-19 pandemic . The COVID-19 pandemic has forced healthcare institutions around the world to direct resources to manage the pandemic . This has resulted in a sudden acute limitation of resources to care for non - COVID patients with critical conditions . In Singapore , the escalating situation has necessitated swift reaction in the Division of Breast Surgery in Changi General Hospital to develop strategies to support the battle against COVID-19 and yet deliver care to our breast cancer patients . Prompt patient stratifications , quick adaptation to restricted resources whilst balancing the risks of exposure to patients and healthcare personnel are all crucial in providing optimal patient care . The importance of multidisciplinary team effort is pivotal in ensuring optimal delivery of care to breast cancer patients . The authors describe the challenges faced and measures adopted by the division during this pandemic in the multidisciplinary management of non-COVID breast cancer patients providing insights to serve as a guide for physicians in similar settings who are managing breast cancer patients amidst the pandemic . Article reference : Chi Wei Mok , Yert Li Melissa Seet and Su-Ming Tan , Breast Cancer Multidisciplinary Management during COVID-19 Pandemic : Experiences and Strategies Used by a Singapore Breast Surgical Unit . BIO Integration , 2020 BIO Integration is fully open access journal which will allow for the rapid dissemination of multidisciplinary views driving the progress of modern medicine . As part of its mandate to help bring interesting work and knowledge from around the world to a wider audience , BIOI will actively support authors through open access publishing and through waiving author fees in its first years . Also , publication support for authors whose first language is not English will be offered in areas such as manuscript development , English language editing and artwork assistance . Source : Journal reference : Mok , C. W. , et al. -LRB- 2020 -RRB- Breast Cancer Multidisciplinary Management during COVID-19 Pandemic : Experiences and Strategies Used by a Singapore Breast Surgical Unit . BIO Integration .", "url": "https://www.news-medical.net/news/20200819/Study-considers-strategies-used-for-multidisciplinary-breast-cancer-management-during-COVID-19-pandemic.aspx", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Health_FacilitiesServices": 0.9999454021453857}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006017048037046795, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgx2j30", "stitle": "1K pounds of marijuana seized from truck at Blue Water Bridge", "seg_title_stem": "1k pound of marijuana seize from truck at Blue Water Bridge", "seg_content": "U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers on Monday seized more than a half-ton of marijuana in a commercial truck at the Blue Water Bridge in Port Huron , officials said . The truck , which had an Ontario plate , `` had manifested it was carrying office furniture destined to locations in Michigan , '' investigators said in a statement . During an exam , customs officers found more than 1,114 pounds of marijuana `` in vacuum sealed packages concealed in cardboard boxes and loaded onto wooden pallets within the truck , '' according to the release . The haul comes as the CBP Detroit Field Office , which covers all ports of entry in Michigan , has seen a spike in narcotics seized since travel restrictions were enacted during the COVID-19 pandemic , officials said . Since March , CBP Field Operations has seized more than 4,400 pounds of marijuana at ports of entry across the state . `` Even during a pandemic , traffickers continue to attempt to exploit our borders and will stop at nothing to try and introduce illicit drugs into our communities , '' said port director Michael Fox , who oversees operations at the Port Huron Area Port of Entry . `` Our officers remain steadfast in their commitment to protecting our borders from all types of criminal activity . ''", "url": "https://www.detroitnews.com/story/news/local/michigan/2020/08/18/1000-pounds-marijuana-seized-truck-blue-water-bridge/3393367001/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3940445278018475, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgx5lhp", "stitle": "California man charged in sex assault case involving child in Las Vegas", "seg_title_stem": "California man charge in sex assault case involve child in Las Vegas", "seg_content": "LAS VEGAS -LRB- KTNV -RRB- -- A California man has been arrested and charged with sex assaults against a child that reportedly happened nearly a decade ago in Las Vegas . Marcos Ramos Hernandez , 56 , is accused of sexually assaulting a child several times over the course of four years that started back in 2009 , according to a Las Vegas police arrest report . The report says the 56-year-old lives in California but committed the assaults when he visited Las Vegas . And an investigation was opened in 2018 after a Las Vegas woman revealed that she had allegedly been sexually assaulted by Hernandez from 2009 to 2013 . Hernandez is facing several charges , including lewdness with a minor under the age of 14 .", "url": "https://www.ktnv.com/news/crime/california-man-charged-in-sex-assault-case-involving-child-in-las-vegas", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.12865041648202954, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgxUfzL", "stitle": "OKCPD search for man who failed to show for court in case involving child sex crimes", "seg_title_stem": "okcpd search for man who fail to show for court in case involve child sex crime", "seg_content": "OKLAHOMA CITY -LRB- KOKH -RRB- -- The Oklahoma City Police Department is asking for the public 's help in finding a 54-year-old man who failed to show for court on a case involving child sex crimes . Police said Walter E. Walker faces in Oklahoma County six counts of forcible sodomy and four counts of lewd acts with a child . Walker 's nine victims range from 8 to 13 years old . Walker now has a no-bond warrant out of Oklahoma County for failure to appear in court . Anyone with information about Walker 's location is asked to call 911 or Crime Stoppers at 405-235-7300 .", "url": "https://okcfox.com/news/local/okcpd-search-for-man-who-failed-to-show-for-court-in-case-involving-child-sex-crimes", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6748783394094776, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgxWXnz", "stitle": "RHOC : Emily Simpson Reveals Plan To Remove Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "RHOC : Emily Simpson reveal Plan to remove breast implant", "seg_content": "Emily Simpson of The Real Housewives of Orange County has made great strides in her weight loss transformation . She proclaimed an impressive drop in 16 pounds , following another interesting announcement : her desire to remove her breast implants . This decision goes along with her overall goal of bettering her health after a long battle with her weight and body image . Emily first appeared on The Real Housewives of Orange County in 2018 and since then has made an effort to improve her health and her own self-image . While the star has been candid about her weight , she 's also inspired many along her quest to get healthy . As for when this weight loss journey originally started , Emily claims there 's no right way or right time to start . No `` magic plan or magic pill , '' just jump into it and prioritize it -- which is exactly what she did . On the list of things to do to make herself more healthy , removing her breast implants may be the next step for her . On top of her breast implants , the 44-year-old mom has already removed her hair extensions . Emily says she still has a ways to go before she hits her health goals . Emily 's Instagram post covered her struggle to stay fit and the work she had to put into it , calling it a `` journey . '' It 's a journey she said she has enjoyed and one she 's found deeply gratifying while she `` relishes '' in the success she 's experienced . The best part about this success , according to her , is that she is still able to enjoy an egg McMuffin -- which she says is all about how you balance your diet . According to Emily , her body fat content is down by 10 % , which pushes her below the threshold of obesity . In the past , Emily has suffered an array of health issues , including her arthritis . Emily first made contact with weight loss coach Paulina Taylor Hefferan in order to tackle her journey with professional efficiency . She claims that life can force things like weight loss to be put on hold -- things like having kids , illness , depression , hormones , and relationships that can all get in the way . According to Emily , the best way to start is to `` make today that day . A year from now will pass by regardless . Might as well make it your healthiest yet . '' Some of Emily 's The Real Housewives of Orange County co-stars have offered their support for Emily and her journey towards a new and healthy lifestyle . Kelly Dodd and Kameron Wescott have both commented on Emily 's new Instagram post , saying that she looks amazing and congratulating her on her success . Emily stated that she will eventually share the `` before '' photo , but before she does , she wants everybody to focus on their own journey towards a healthier lifestyle . Next : Doubling Down with the Derricos : Where To Follow the Cast on Instagram Sources : People , Daily Mail", "url": "https://screenrant.com/real-housewives-emily-simpson-plan-remove-breast-implants/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9565784931182861, "Lifestyle": 0.9999591112136841}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9565784931182861, "Lifestyle_Fitness": 0.9999591112136841}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09843024482216915, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'erotic': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgxX3Bp", "stitle": "FBI Seeking New Jersey Sex Trafficking Victims in the Jose Torres Investigation", "seg_title_stem": "FBI seek New Jersey sex trafficking victim in the Jose Torres Investigation", "seg_content": "NEWARK , NJ -- The FBI , in coordination with the Department of Homeland Security , is asking for the public 's assistance to identify potential victims of an alleged sexual predator who hired sex workers and physically raped , assaulted , terrorized , and/or cheated the unsuspected parties . Jose Torres , a 43-year-old , is currently in federal custody and charged with four counts of coercion and enticement in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey . Torres has travelled frequently throughout the years and is suspected to have committed these offenses throughout the country , to include New Jersey , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New York , South Carolina , and California . Torres has been preying on sex workers for over 10 years and is believed to have numerous victims . Torres would locate his victims by utilizing various sex worker websites , including EROS , Erotic Monkey , Tryst , Backpage , etc. . From there , he would entice them to meet by offering large sums of money and groom his victims towards engaging in sex trafficking activities at his direction or command . Most of his meetings would require the sex worker to travel interstate , many times at their own expense . If you believe you may have been victimized by Jose Torres , or he has solicited your services , please email ReportJOT@fbi.gov . Your response is voluntary but would be useful in the federal investigation to identify you as a potential victim . Based on the response provided , you may be contacted by the FBI and asked to provide additional information . The FBI is legally mandated to identify victims of federal crimes that it investigates and provide these victims with information , assistance services , and resources .", "url": "http://www.shorenewsnetwork.com/2020/08/18/fbi-seeking-new-jersey-sex-trafficking-victims-in-the-jose-torres-investigation/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000039339065552}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000039339065552}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01581548404159802, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgxcN4r", "stitle": "Over Half Ton of Marijuana Manifested as Office Furniture Seized at Blue Water Bridge", "seg_title_stem": "over half ton of Marijuana Manifested as Office Furniture seize at Blue Water Bridge", "seg_content": "PORT HURON , Mich. -- On August 17 , Customs and Border Protection -LRB- CBP -RRB- Office of Field Operations Officers at the Blue Water Bridge seized over one half ton of Marijuana from an Ontario plated commercial truck , destined for various locations within Michigan . Officers conducted an examination of the truck which had manifested it was carrying office furniture destined to locations in Michigan . During the exam , CBP officers uncovered over 1,114 pounds marijuana in vacuum sealed packages concealed in cardboard boxes and loaded on to wooden pallets within the truck . `` Even during a pandemic , traffickers continue to attempt to exploit our borders and will stop at nothing to try and introduce illicit drugs into our communities , '' said Port Director Michael Fox , who oversees operations at the Port Huron Area Port of Entry . `` Our officers remain steadfast in their commitment to protecting our borders from all types of criminal activity . '' The Detroit Field Office , which covers all ports of entry throughout Michigan has seen a significant increase in narcotics seized since essential travel restrictions were enacted due to the COVID-19 pandemic . Since March , CBP Field Operations has seized over 4,400 pounds of marijuana at ports of entry across the state . Follow us on Twitter @DFODetroit and @CBPGreatLakes U.S. Customs and Border Protection is the unified border agency within the Department of Homeland Security charged with the management , control and protection of our nation 's borders at and between official ports of entry . CBP is charged with securing the borders of the United States while enforcing hundreds of laws and facilitating lawful trade and travel .", "url": "https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/local-media-release/over-half-ton-marijuana-manifested-office-furniture-seized-blue-water", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.5182673931121826}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.5182673931121826}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06541879526841562, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgy2zvN", "stitle": "COVID-19 pandemic delays care for half of breast cancer survivors", "seg_title_stem": "covid-19 pandemic delay care for half of breast cancer survivor", "seg_content": "The results of an online questionnaire of 609 breast cancer survivors in the U.S. suggest that nearly half of patients experienced delays in care during the early weeks of the COVID-19 pandemic . The study , by researchers at the University of Illinois Chicago , is published in the journal Breast Cancer Research and Treatment . The motivation for the study came from widespread reports of cancer care being delayed or procedures being canceled in the beginning of the pandemic , and we wanted to get a better handle on what was happening . '' Elizabeth Papautsky , Assistant Professor , Biomedical and Health Information Sciences , University of Illinois at ChicagoCollege of Applied Health Sciences Papautsky and co-author Tamara Hamlish , a research scientist in the cancer survivorship program at the University of Illinois Cancer Center , developed a questionnaire that asked about care delays . They distributed the questionnaire to U.S. breast cancer survivor groups on social media and via email . They used the National Cancer Institute 's definition of a cancer survivor , which includes anyone who has received a diagnosis of cancer . Between April 2 and April 27 , the researchers received 609 responses . The questionnaire sought to identify what kinds of care was delayed : chemotherapy , radiation , cancer surgery , hormonal treatment or routine follow-up appointments . There also were demographic questions on race and age , as well as stage of cancer . Sixty-three percent of respondents were currently receiving cancer care , and the average age was 47 years old . The respondents were diverse : 78 % identified as white , 17 % as Black and 3 % as Asian . The researchers found that 44 % of the respondents reported a delay in care . The most commonly reported delay was for routine follow-up visits . Respondents reported the highest rate of delays in routine follow-up appointments -LRB- 79 % -RRB- , breast reconstruction surgery -LRB- 66 % -RRB- , diagnostic imaging -LRB- 60 % -RRB- and lab testing -LRB- 50 % -RRB- . Approximately 30 % of respondents reported delays in hospital - or clinic-based cancer therapies , including radiation -LRB- 30 % -RRB- , infusion therapies -LRB- 32 % -RRB- and surgical tumor removal -LRB- 26 % -RRB- . `` We expected the usual racial difference we see in health care , with Black patients being disproportionately affected , but our results showed that patients were universally affected by COVID in terms of delays in breast cancer care , likely because in those early weeks , hospitals and health care facilities were postponing visits and procedures across the board as they took on the growing burden of dealing with COVID-19 , '' Hamlish said . `` We were surprised to see that younger women were more likely to experience delays , and we think that has to do with cancellations of hormone therapy for ovarian suppression that is given to women with certain types of breast cancer , and those women tend to be younger in general , '' Papautsky said . In the study , the authors found that age was the only demographic variable that had an impact on the likelihood of a delay in care . The questionnaire also had a section for general comments . Many respondents said that their treatment may have been modified instead of totally canceled , the researchers said . One example they noted was that hormone therapies may have been spaced out more to reduce the number of clinic visits . `` Overall , we see that there is a serious gap in disaster preparedness when it comes to providing critical , and often time-sensitive care for breast cancer patients , '' Hamlish said . Source : Journal reference : Papautsky , E & Hamlish , T -LRB- 2020 -RRB- Patient-reported treatment delays in breast cancer care during the COVID-19 pandemic . Breast Cancer Research and Treatment . doi.org/10.1007/s10549-020-05828-7 .", "url": "https://www.news-medical.net/news/20200819/COVID-19-pandemic-delays-care-for-half-of-breast-cancer-survivors.aspx", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03442414652420433, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgyAwSd", "stitle": "Eight men arrested in sex trafficking operation during 2020 Rally", "seg_title_stem": "eight man arrest in sex trafficking operation during 2020 Rally", "seg_content": "STURGIS , S.D. -- On Tuesday it was announced by United States Attorney Ron Parsons that the South Dakota Division of Criminal Investigation , South Dakota Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force , and the U.S. Homeland Security Investigations conducted a joint sex trafficking operation during the 2020 Sturgis Motorcycle Rally . The following charges are accusations and all eight defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty . Robert Lee Goodwill , Jr. -- 20 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Cody Wayne Hopkins -- 29 , Montgomery , PA -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Michael Ray Hudson -- 32 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Travis John McDonald -- 28 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet William Nicholas Riley -- 60 , Sturgis , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Kevin William Clements -- 22 , Claysville , PA -- Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Darren Wilber Harrison -- 25 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Christopher Covey Dale Truax -- 33 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet The mandatory minimum penalty upon conviction for attempted commercial sex trafficking of a minor is 15 years if the victim is under 14 years of age , and 10 years if between 14-17 years of age , up to life in federal prison ; a $ 250,000 fine ; any term of years , not less than 5 , up to lifetime supervised release ; $ 100 to the Federal Crime Victims Fund ; and a $ 5,000 assessment if not indigent . The mandatory minimum penalty upon conviction for attempted enticement of a minor using the internet is 10 years up to life in federal prison ; any term of years , not less than 5 , up to lifetime supervised release ; $ 100 to the Federal Crime Victims Fund ; and a $ 5,000 assessment if not indigent .", "url": "https://www.newscenter1.tv/eight-men-arrested-in-sex-trafficking-operation-during-2020-rally/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.6131920218467712}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6131920218467712}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012567125821100743, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgyG7kv", "stitle": "▶ With hike up Pilot Butte , friends and family honor Marine killed in training accident", "seg_title_stem": "▶ with hike up pilot butte , friend and family honor Marine kill in training accident", "seg_content": "CENTRAL OREGON DAILY A Marine from Bend who died in a training accident three weeks ago was remembered Tuesday night during a hike up Pilot Butte . Private First Class Jack Ostrovsky was among nine Marines and a Navy Corpsman killed when an amphibious assault vehicle sank during a training exercise July 30 off the coast of southern California . The cause is still under investigation . The hike for Ostrovsky was organized by local veterans who never met him but felt the need to honor the fallen Marine here in his adopted hometown . They chose a hike up Pilot Butte because Ostrovsky hiked up it Memorial Day 2019 in honor of all service people in all branches of the military . August 18 was chosen because it would have been Ostrovsky 's 21st birthday . `` Jack loved being a Marine and we loved that he loved being a Marine , '' Peter and Lynn Ostrovsky , Jack 's parents , said . `` I think he found his passion . He was living his dream . What more could we ask for as parents that our son be happy ? '' Ostrovsky 's parents recently returned from Dover AFB in Maryland , where the Department of Defense conducted an honorable transfer of their son to the Armed Forces Medical Examiner 's Office as part of the investigation into the accident that claimed nine lives . `` I have a twin brother and that really breaks my heart to see his twin brother here tonight without his , '' said Aimee Beach of Team Red White & Blue , a group that helps veterans get engaged in their communities . `` I feel really bad . That 's their sacrifice . That 's the family 's sacrifice to have lost him . '' Ostrovsky 's body will be transported to Bellingham , Washington , where he grew up , for a service on August 26 . Before then , his parents will participate in a unit memorial at Camp Pendleton to observe all the lives that were lost . `` We really do feel supported . It does bring us comfort , '' said Peter Ostrovsky . `` We 've only been in this town for two years and our son only lived here for 11 months before he joined the Marine Corps . It makes us feel really good . '' As the sun set on Pilot Butte , an aide to Congressman Greg Walden presented a flag that flew over the nation 's capitol to Jack Ostrovsky 's parents .", "url": "https://centraloregondaily.com/%e2%96%b6%ef%b8%8f-with-hike-up-pilot-butte-friends-and-family-honor-marine-killed-in-training-accident/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9862345457077026}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Military": 0.9862345457077026}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05981652239928838, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'fucks': 1, 'fucked': 1}, 'nostrict': {'goddamn': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'fuck': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgyICaF", "stitle": "Never , Ever Fuck With the Mail", "seg_title_stem": "never , ever fuck with the Mail", "seg_content": "In recent weeks , President Donald Trump has made a target of the U.S. Postal Service , seemingly because of his concerns that should voters have a safe and easy means of voting him out of office -- like mail-in ballots -- they will take it . However , anyone familiar with 1997 post-apocalyptic westerns starring Kevin Costner with cameo appearances by Tom Petty could tell you that no one -- not totalitarian dictators played by underrated character actor Will Patton and certainly not former game show host Donald Trump -- fucks with the postal service . And just as it did in 1997 , the mail has once again emerged victorious . As 14 states announced plans to sue Postmaster General Louis DeJoy over `` operational changes '' that have led to slower mail delivery in the days leading up to the November elections , DeJoy has in turn announced plans to stop intentionally making the mail shitty on purpose . According to DeJoy , post office hours will not change , mail processing facilities will remain open , and postal workers will still be paid overtime . However , according to DeJoy , none of this was his fault in the first place : `` There are some longstanding operational initiatives -- efforts that predate my arrival at the Postal Service -- that have been raised as areas of concern as the nation prepares to hold an election in the midst of a devastating pandemic , '' read DeJoy 's statement . `` To avoid even the appearance of any impact on election mail , I am suspending these initiatives until after the election is concluded . '' Like Kevin Costner said in a rousing , long-ago oration , `` Neither rain nor snow nor operational initiatives predating one 's arrival at the Postal Service , we 're not shutting down the mail so Donald Trump can steal another goddamn election . '' -LSB- New York Times -RSB- While the Democratic National Convention is usually political Coachella -- with Maggie Rogers playing an opening number for Democratic Senate candidate Sara Gideon , Michelle Obama delivering speeches we 'll one day read in history books , and Billy Porter covering Buffalo Springfield -- the Republican National Convention can mostly just boast that one time they had Clint Eastwood mumbling at a chair . Not to be outdone by Dirty Harry 's chair , 2020 's RNC promises all the fun of years past , featuring appearances by Nikki Haley , at least one Trump child , and that doofy couple famous for wanting to shoot unarmed protesters despite being unable to correctly hold firearms . Sounds like whatever the opposite of a riot is . -LSB- Washinton Post , Politico -RSB- Every single investigation into Russia and the 2016 election continues to strongly support the idea that Russia fucked with the 2016 election . -LSB- New York Times -RSB- Which is a fact Marco Rubio still seems to be struggling with , in much the same way he struggles with a great many facts . -LSB- Twitter -RSB- Chuck Schumer and LCD Soundsystem would very much like the beat to go on . -LSB- Instagram -RSB- Wealthy Upper West Side Democrats would very much like their support for poor people to remain both theoretical and at a distance . -LSB- New York Times -RSB- Got ta admire Hillary 's commitment to the bit . -LSB- Twitter -RSB-", "url": "https://theslot.jezebel.com/never-ever-fuck-with-the-mail-1844767506", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.6331634521484375}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.6331634521484375}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1777761540466678, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'masturbating': 1, 'g spot': 1}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgyMwbT", "stitle": "Sex offender accused of exposing himself in North Spokane parking lot", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender accuse of expose himself in North Spokane parking lot", "seg_content": "Warning : This story content graphic sexual content . SPOKANE , Wash. -- A 70-year-old registered sex offender was arrested Monday afternoon for exposing himself to people in a parking lot in North Spokane . Donald Krueger , 70 , was arrested for felony indecent exposure . As of Tuesday afternoon , he was being held in the Spokane County Jail . According to a press release from Spokane Police Sergeant Terry Preuninger , officers were called to the area of North Newport Highway near East Greenbluff Road around noon for a possible lewd subject . A loss prevention officer at the retail location told officers that for the past hour there had been a man sitting in a white Ford F150 , backed into a parking spot . Multiple female customers complained about the driver and believed he was `` checking them out '' and `` masturbating , '' according to the press release . Officers were also informed that the same truck was there the day before . Officers arrived and located the driver , later identified as Krueger . Preuninger said Krueger is a registered sex offender , convicted felon and armed career criminal . According to the press release , officers believed , based on his movements , that Krueger was masturbating in his truck while he watched a woman come out to her minivan , load her child and drive away . An officer approached and stopped in the area where the woman was previously loading the child into the van . The officer looked into the cab of the truck and saw Krueger with his genitalia exposed , according to the press release . The officer made himself known and startled Krueger , the release says . When asked what was going on Krueger said he had his genitalia out because he `` needed to go to the bathroom , '' according to the release . He said he was in the parking lot because he was there to go shopping but was waiting to urinate before going into the store , according to the press release . When asked why he was n't in the bathroom , Krueger said it was too far to go with his walker . According to the press release , surveillance video from the store from Aug. 16 showed the suspect vehicle arrive and park in the same general area for more than an hour . Video from Monday showed a similar series of events , police said .", "url": "https://www.krem.com/article/news/crime/sex-offender-accused-of-exposing-himself-in-north-spokane-parking-lot/293-337f4a88-ac90-4ee6-bb3a-dcfb7423d612", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.018490721753458856, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgyx6yh", "stitle": "Aurora Cannabis Inc. -LRB- ACB -RRB- Stock Sinks As Market Gains : What You Should Know", "seg_title_stem": "Aurora Cannabis Inc. -lrb- ACB -rrb- Stock Sinks as Market gain : what you should Know", "seg_content": "Aurora Cannabis Inc. -LRB- ACB - Free Report -RRB- closed at $ 10 in the latest trading session , marking a -0.99 % move from the prior day . This move lagged the S&P 500 's daily gain of 0.23 % . Elsewhere , the Dow lost 0.24 % , while the tech-heavy Nasdaq added 0.73 % . Prior to today 's trading , shares of the company had lost 12.48 % over the past month . This has lagged the Medical sector 's loss of 0.07 % and the S&P 500 's gain of 5.04 % in that time . ACB will be looking to display strength as it nears its next earnings release . Our most recent consensus estimate is calling for quarterly revenue of $ 54.37 million , down 36.32 % from the year-ago period . Any recent changes to analyst estimates for ACB should also be noted by investors . Recent revisions tend to reflect the latest near-term business trends . As such , positive estimate revisions reflect analyst optimism about the company 's business and profitability . Research indicates that these estimate revisions are directly correlated with near-term share price momentum . Investors can capitalize on this by using the Zacks Rank . This model considers these estimate changes and provides a simple , actionable rating system . Ranging from # 1 -LRB- Strong Buy -RRB- to # 5 -LRB- Strong Sell -RRB- , the Zacks Rank system has a proven , outside-audited track record of outperformance , with # 1 stocks returning an average of +25 % annually since 1988 . The Zacks Consensus EPS estimate remained stagnant within the past month . ACB is currently sporting a Zacks Rank of # 3 -LRB- Hold -RRB- . The Medical - Products industry is part of the Medical sector . This industry currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 184 , which puts it in the bottom 28 % of all 250 + industries . The Zacks Industry Rank includes is listed in order from best to worst in terms of the average Zacks Rank of the individual companies within each of these sectors . Our research shows that the top 50 % rated industries outperform the bottom half by a factor of 2 to 1 . Make sure to utilize Zacks . Com to follow all of these stock-moving metrics , and more , in the coming trading sessions .", "url": "https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/1043765/aurora-cannabis-inc-acb-stock-sinks-as-market-gains-what-you-should-know", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0743767721490739, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgz4B9y", "stitle": "Toledo priest placed on administrative leave following charges of child sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Toledo priest place on administrative leave follow charge of child sex trafficking", "seg_content": "TOLEDO , Ohio -- A Toledo-area priest has been placed on administrative leave after he was charged with numerous sex crimes by the Federal Bureau of Investigation . Father Michael Zacharias , 53 , was charged with coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , and sex trafficking of an adult by force , and fraud . `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas told WTVG . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' Bishop Thomas said Father Zacharias was placed on administrative leave immediately from his position at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , Ohio . According to court documents obtained by WTVG , Zacharias allegedly targeted two boys at Catholic schools in Toledo who had developed drug addictions , offering to pay them for sexual acts to help them purchase drugs . The FBI is encouraging anyone that may have been groomed or sexually assaulted by Zacharias to contact them at -LRB-216-RRB- 622-6842 .", "url": "http://cwcolumbus.com/news/local/toledo-priest-placed-on-administrative-leave-following-charges-of-child-sex-trafficking", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9998527765274048}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.9998527765274048}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16341486096296842, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgz9xTn", "stitle": "Denver Broncos : Vic Fangio hopes we see the ` real ' Jake Butt in 2020", "seg_title_stem": "Denver bronco : Vic Fangio hope we see the ` real ' Jake Butt in 2020", "seg_content": "Denver Broncos HC Vic Fangio hopes we see the ` real ' Jake Butt in 2020 . There has been no shortage of excitement about the Denver Broncos ' selection of Jake Butt since he was the top pick of the fifth-round in the 2017 NFL Draft . An All-American at Michigan , everyone assumed that Butt was underdrafted as a fifth-round pick , even with his knee injury just under four months before the Broncos picked him . Butt caught 138 passes in 43 games as a member of the Michigan Wolverines , earning some first-round NFL Draft hype along the way for his abilities as an in-line blocking tight end and receiver . Even though Butt has always been a solid blocker , it was his abilities as a receiver that had the NFL scouting world really interested . Coming off of a knee injury suffered against Florida State during the 2016-17 bowl season , everyone just assumed Butt would take the required 8-12 months to recover , get back out on the field immediately thereafter , and become a TE1 for the Denver Broncos . Those were n't unreasonable expectations for Butt , even though he was a fifth-round pick . The Broncos did attempt to get Butt on the field in his rookie 2017 season , but ultimately shut him down for the year and let him come back for 2018 camp , where he was one of the shining stars in practices . Butt entered the 2018 regular season healthy and was the Broncos ' TE1 ... for a few games , anyway . Unfortunately , the second-year tight end suffered yet another setback with a knee injury , ending his 2018 season after just three games with eight receptions , a couple of which were clutch catches in wins against the Seattle Seahawks and Oakland Raiders to open the season . Butt once again pushed through the recovery process , attempting to get himself ready for the 2019 season . The complications from his latest knee injury persisted , and although he tried coming back for a preseason contest against the Los Angeles Rams , Butt suffered yet another knee injury of the season-ending variety . Three seasons into his Denver Broncos career and Jake Butt has played just three regular-season games and had gone on season-ending IR the same number of times . Entering the 2020 offseason , it 's certainly fair that most in Broncos Country would be skeptical of what Butt can bring to the table for this coming season , especially considering the depth the team currently has at tight end . The Broncos have 2019 first-round pick Noah Fant in addition to veteran Nick Vannett , a free agent signing in 2020 , and 2020 fourth-round pick Albert Okwuegbunam . Those three players have pretty set-in-stone roster spots , and the Broncos have other players vying for roster spots with Butt like Troy Fumagalli and Andrew Beck , players who each scored touchdowns in their first regular-season action with the Broncos in 2019 . With the way things have been in 2020 , Butt may have actually benefitted more than he would have in an otherwise ` normal ' offseason . Because the Broncos did n't take the field until July , Butt was afforded all the time he needed and then some to recover from his latest injury , and he got back to work earlier than other tight ends on the roster because injured players are allowed to get on-field work when the quarterbacks and rookies report . So , not only did Butt not have to struggle to get himself on the field for May or June OTAs , but he was able to get out there fully healthy before most of the rest of his peers at the tight end position to get time-on-task with Pat Shurmur 's offense and catching passes from Drew Lock . Lock has taken note of Butt 's progress toward recovery and mentioned that there 's no one in the Broncos ' locker room who is n't rooting for Butt . `` There 's nobody in our locker room that does n't want to see Jake Butt succeed . One of the best teammates that we have in this locker room . For him to push and grind through all the injuries he 's had . For him to come out -- he reported early with us . Right from the get-go I could tell . He 's not 100 percent back to normal . Obviously , you can never get back to normal after a knee -LSB- injury -RSB- , but he 's as close as you can possibly get after having those surgeries . The guy is playing some really good ball . He 's super smart and little more athletic than people give him credit for . Drew Lock -LRB- quotes via Broncos PR -RRB- If there 's a track that leads to Butt making the final roster for the Broncos in 2020 , the team 's got to find it . There are always going to be training camp fluff pieces for players who do well , and Butt is certainly a feel-good type of story , but this is more than a fluff piece or feel-good story . The Broncos have invested three years into Butt 's development and health . The fact that he was taken one selection ahead of George Kittle in the 2017 NFL Draft certainly leaves a bit of a bad taste in everyone 's mouth with the benefit of hindsight , but if you could go back in time , you would see that no one questioned the Broncos taking Butt over Kittle at the time , because Kittle was n't really Kittle yet . Now , he 's making $ 15 million per season while Butt is simply trying to make it one day at a time and get to the regular season healthy for just the second time in his pro career . If Butt was n't any good , none of this would matter . The fact is , he was a tremendous prospect and he 's shown glimpses -- if even just small glimpses in the preseason and regular-season action -- that he can be an effective tight end in the NFL especially as a receiver . Running around with no knee brace and a ton of confidence , things might finally be coming together for Butt in his fourth year with the Broncos . Head coach Vic Fangio hopes we all get to see the ` real ' Jake Butt in 2020 . `` I think Jake is way ahead of where he was last year at this time . To quote him , he feels the best he 's felt in a long , long time . I think he 's looked out there not just today but all the days he 's been out there . He had a great offseason . Hopefully we 'll see the real Jake Butt here this season . '' Vic Fangio The Broncos certainly have n't had to sacrifice much by keeping Butt around through these past three seasons . His rookie contract has paid him just under $ 1.7 million to this point and having been on IR or the 90-man roster , it 's not like the Broncos have compromised the depth of their team to keep him . With that said , this season will be a major turning point for Butt in his professional career . He 's got virtually unprecedented support from the Broncos organization when many other players with similar injury issues were n't kept around as long . It would be fantastic to see Butt out there come time for the regular season , getting some reps in two-tight end sets or splitting out as a big slot for the Broncos when the team opens their season on Monday Night Football against the Tennessee Titans . If his strong start to camp continues , that dream could become a reality .", "url": "https://predominantlyorange.com/2020/08/18/denver-broncos-fangio-jake-butt/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03671988338788978, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgzIjW5", "stitle": "Marijuana , over $ 9K seized in drug bust", "seg_title_stem": "marijuana , over $ 9k seize in drug bust", "seg_content": "On the night of Aug. 12 , officers of the Eupora Police Department , with the assistance of the Mississippi Bureau of Narcotics and the Webster County Sheriff 's Department executed a search warrant in Eupora at 472 E. Clark Ave. behind the old Fred 's building . Over 4 ounces of marijuana , numerous pills , a Taurus 9mm pistol and over $ 9,000 in cash was seized during the execution of the w. . . -- The content you 're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only . Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of any of our newspapers including The Webster Progress-Times , The Choctaw Plain Dealer , or The Winston County Journal . If you 're an existing subscriber -LRB- print or digital -RRB- and already have your Username and Password , click here : https://www.redhillsmsnews.com/user If you 're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account , click here : https://www.redhillsmsnews.com/existing-subscribers-1 If you 're not currently a subscriber , click here for more information about our affordable online subscription options : https://www.redhillsmsnews.com/subscribe", "url": "https://www.redhillsmsnews.com/front-page-slideshow-news/marijuana-over-9k-seized-drug-bust", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01294451720883614, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgzJXq2", "stitle": "Fallen Bend Marine 's family joins in memorial walk up Pilot Butte", "seg_title_stem": "Fallen Bend Marine 's family join in memorial walk up pilot butte", "seg_content": "Jack Ryan Ostrovsky hiked butte last year to honor those who have served BEND , Ore -LRB- KTVZ -RRB- -- Dozens of veterans and others from around the area gathered Tuesday evening to take a walk up Bend 's Pilot Butte to honor the memory of Marine Pfc. Jack Ryan Ostrovsky . The Bend resident , who would have turned 21 on Tuesday , tragically lost his life last month during a routine training exercise off the coast of Southern California , when an amphibious assault vehicle sank . Community members made the climb to pay tribute to Ostrovsky and the seven other Marines and Navy sailor who perished in the accident . Ostrovsky hiked Pilot Butte back on Memorial Day of last year , to honor those in the armed services , carrying his combat gear and ammo containers . Jack 's father , Peter Ostrovsky , helped lead Tuesday night 's event , in memory of his son . `` Life is still good . We need good things in this country . We need to celebrate life at all times , '' Peter Ostrovsky said . `` Something unexpected and bad happened to us , but we 're still believers that life is good . The fact that all these people are here today shows me that they believe that , too . '' One of Jack Ostrovsky 's friends , Zach Saltos , started a petition to have the Bob Bristol Trail up the butte renamed for Jack . Once Zach learned the trail was already named for the former mayor of Bend , he announced last week that they will no longer seek renaming the trail , but hope the effort establishes a permanent memorial through a park bench dedication . As of now , the memorial petition has received nearly 3,000 signatures . The family said it is thankful for the Bend community 's support , and hope to make this an annual walk , in memory of Jack .", "url": "https://ktvz.com/news/2020/08/18/memorial-walk-for-fallen-marine-held-at-pilot-butte/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.17950687355596254, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgzO5H8", "stitle": "How books and a quilt provide hope for those battling breast cancer", "seg_title_stem": "how book and a quilt provide hope for those battle breast cancer", "seg_content": "Beverly Vote received a bleak diagnosis of breast cancer 28 years ago . She was 38 . Before the internet , when breast cancer was still spoken about mostly in private , Vote learned and relied on the therapeutic power of sharing her story . The sharing of that story resulted in the launch of the Breast Cancer Wellness Magazine , now entering its 15th year in publication . Vote is a contributor to the `` Chicken Soup for the Soul for Breast Cancer Survivors '' and `` The Pink Prayer Book '' and is a co-author of `` Faces of Inspiration . '' Vote will be the lead author of the book `` Breast Cancer Tetelestai : By Faith , We See Our World Delivered from Breast Cancer , '' along with fellow authors Sylvia Dunnavant Hines , a Plano resident , Sheila McGlown and Heather Wilson that is set for a fall 2020 release . The book will include stories from other breast cancer survivors and will demonstrate how prayer can change lives , and how vision and faith can personally impact healing . `` Tetelestai is a Greek word meaning ` it is completed ' and is the last word Jesus spoke when crucified , '' Hines said . Hines is the founder of the Celebrating Life Foundation , a nonprofit organization devoted to making breast cancer powerless by educating , encouraging and empowering those most impacted by the disease . She is an author , photographer , public speaker , breast cancer advocate , and ordained minister joining Vote in a mission to promote global healing prayer over the seven continents of the world . `` Beverly had a devastating diagnosis ; and like so many others , she felt alone , '' Hines said . `` She was overwhelmed and scared . Through her illness she found the one thing missing from her life was prayer . Prayer changes things , and that is what this mission is all about -- the power of prayer . '' According to Hines , through work with award-winning quilt designer Ann Coose from Camdenton , Missouri , a `` breast cancer tetelestai quilt '' has been created and will be sent to all seven continents , taking with it a special prayer translated in several languages for the end of breast cancer . As the special prayer and quilt make way around the world , locations from each of the seven continents will be captured on the breastcancerwellness.org website and the breast cancer tetelestai Facebook page . For more information on the tetelestai mission , contact Hines at sylviahines9@gmail.com or Vote at beverly@breastcancerwellness.org .", "url": "https://starlocalmedia.com/planocourier/news/how-books-and-a-quilt-provide-hope-for-those-battling-breast-cancer/article_4b5e5ac4-e187-11ea-9310-fb701abc9fbb.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9997569918632507, "Society": 1.0000078678131104}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000078678131104, "Health_Other": 0.9997569918632507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4869670185384456, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgzZzmu", "stitle": "Prime suspect in Madeleine McCann case served time for sex abuse of girlfriend 's five-year-old daughter", "seg_title_stem": "Prime suspect in Madeleine McCann case serve time for sex abuse of girlfriend 's five-year-old daughter", "seg_content": "The prime suspect in the Madeleine McCann abduction and murder case served 15 months in jail in Germany starting in 2017 for sexually abusing his then-girlfriend 's five-year-old daughter three years prior , the Daily Mail reports . Christian Brueckner , 43 , who is currently in prison in Kiel , Germany following drug-trafficking and rape convictions , assaulted the small child in a public park . Then the man who in June 2020 would be identified as the prime suspect in the Madeleine McCann case took sexualized photos of the child . Cops in Braunschweig , Germany , investigating a claim of domestic abuse from a woman he lived with -LRB- who is different from the ex-girlfriend -RRB- , discovered these horrifying and deeply incriminating images on his camera and laptop . The 2013 sexual abuse of the girlfriend 's child occured around the same time that investigators looking into the 2007 abduction of three-year-old Madeleine McCann from her family 's hotel room in Praia da Luz , Portugal , were provided Brueckner 's name by a German who had seen a crime TV show about the long-running case . Brueckner got caught for the child abuse when a woman he was living with in 2013 , Nakscije Miftari , called the police to say he 'd attacked her . The police then searched Brueckner 's camera and laptop , and found evidence of the abuse of the girl , who had already moved to another part of Germany with her mother , who was Brueckner 's ex girlfriend . -LRB- The ex is a difference woman than Nakscije Miftari -RRB- Get the Knewz app for iOS and Android But by the time German investigators pieced together the clues behind Brueckner 's sexual abuse of his girlfriend 's child , he had split from the country and gone back to Portugal . He had lived here for a number of years until only days after Madeleine McCann was abducted on May 3 , 2007 , the Daily Star reports . A predatory act quite similar to the one involving the abuse of girlfriend 's child four years prior would ultimately send the man who would become the prime suspect on the Madeleine McCann case back to his native land . He was arrested in Portugal in 2017 for sexually exposing himself to and pleasuring himself in front of a collection of small children on a playground . He was never prosecuted for that offense , however , because he was extradited to Germany to stand trial for the drug-trafficking charge . Following his extradition , Brueckner was further charged with raping a 72-year-old American woman in Portugal in 2005 . He was convicted of both the drug-trafficking and the rape charges . His sentence for the former conviction ends in January , at which point he 's set to start a seven-year sentence for the latter . His lawyer has tried and apparently failed to get the rape conviction overturned by complaining that Brueckner was subject to an unfair bait-and-switch when he was extradited for one crime only to be tried for an additional charge upon arrival . Speaking to the case involving the little girl of the girlfriend of the prime suspect in Madeleine McCann case , Thomas Klinge , the chief prosecutor in Hanover , said , `` I can confirm that there was the child abuse case . Christian B was sentenced in 2017 for one year and three months . '' This means that immediately after returning to Germany that year , Brueckner was put in jail for the 2013 sexual abuse , only to receive two more sentences after that , according to the New York Post . Even considering that Brueckner 's sexual abuse of his girlfriend 's daughter would be in keeping with his abucting young Madeleine , the sexual predator 's lawyer , Friedrich Fulscher , has insisted he 'll never be convicted of any McCann-related charge . Brueckner has long denied he had anything to do with Madeleine 's disappearance . His denials about Brueckner 's connection to the Madeleine McCann case aside , Fulscher has not commented on the Daily Mail 's new report about the 2013 case in which his client sexually abused his girlfriend 's daughter . The Mirror notes the location of Brueckner 's current home -- in prison .", "url": "https://knewz.com/madeleine-mccann-abuse-girlfriend/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.5097825998449214, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgzg7tc", "stitle": "What 's the best way to store breast milk ? Your top questions , answered", "seg_title_stem": "what be the best way to store breast milk ? you top question , answer", "seg_content": "As a breastfeeding mom , you 're likely to spend hours , days , weeks or potentially months of your busy life pumping your breast milk . After all that hard work , it 's important to know how to store your expressed milk safely and effectively so that your little one gets the milk you 've worked so hard for . Following the proper storage guidelines will help ensure that all that time and effort does n't go to waste . Here are the answers to your most-asked questions about properly storing breast milk , mama . How should I store breast milk in the refrigerator and freezer ? When storing breast milk in the refrigerator or freezer , it 's important to use a container that is specifically designed for breast milk storage . These breast milk containers are made with plastics that are safe and designed to stand up to storage conditions . All milk storage containers should be labeled with the date the milk was pumped . This will allow you to set up a system to ensure the oldest milk gets used first . Which breast milk storage method is best ? There is n't one best system for breast milk storage -- it really depends on what your individual pumping habits and storage needs are . Some moms will have shorter-term storage needs . The milk they pump today will be used to feed the baby in the next day or so . For these moms , storing in bottles in the refrigerator is often the most convenient approach , especially if a caregiver is using that same bottle to feed the baby . You do n't have to worry about taking up too much space in their refrigerator or freezer with only six to 10 bottles in rotation , and you also do n't have to worry about transferring milk into freezer bags . For moms who pump more frequently or have a larger quantity of breast milk that they want to store , breast milk storage bags in the freezer usually works best . Storage bags offer a more economical option when storing large quantities , and they take up less space in the freezer . They also help the defrost quickly when it 's time . How do I freeze breast milk safely ? Breast milk should be put in the freezer as quickly as possible after pumping . Many moms pump at work or another place away from home -- in those cases , you should cool the milk in the refrigerator or a cooler bag as soon as possible after pumping , to prevent the milk from going bad too soon . When you get home , transfer the milk to the refrigerator or freezer , depending on how long you plan to save the milk before using it . When freezing breast milk , it should be stored in the main body of the freezer and not in the door . This helps maintain a consistent temperature and prevents thawing and refreezing during storage . How do I thaw breast milk safely ? Breast milk can be thawed slowly in the refrigerator overnight for use the next day . If you need it quickly , the storage bags can be run under warm tap water or placed in a bowl of warm water for a few minutes . Or , you can purchase a warmer to thaw and warm breast milk . Once the milk has been removed from the freezer , it needs to be used within 24 hours , and it can not be re-frozen . Never microwave breast milk -- it can create hot pockets within the milk which could burn the baby 's mouth , and the microwave can damage some of the beneficial properties of the milk . $ 260 Buy Now $ 20 Buy Now How long can breast milk sit out at room temperature ? For full-term healthy infants , breast milk should not sit out for longer than four hours at room temperature for freshly expressed breast milk , or one to two hours for thawed breast milk . If your baby was born early , or if they have a medical condition , ask your pediatrician for specific guidance here . How long can breast milk stay In the refrigerator or freezer ? For full-term healthy infants , the recommendation is that breast milk can stay in a regular freezer for up to six months in the freezer , or up to 12 months in a deep freezer . Why does stored breast milk smell or look odd ? Unlike the cow 's milk that we buy from the grocery store , human milk is n't homogenized . Homogenization is a process that cow 's milk goes through to prevent the fat and water parts of the milk from separating . Once breast milk sits for a few minutes , you will notice that fat starts to float to the top . This is perfectly normal and safe . Stored breast milk can be gently mixed to redistribute the fats before feeding . Stored breast milk generally does n't have any different odor than fresh breast milk . However , some moms may notice a soapy , metallic or other funny smell in their thawed breast milk . This is generally due to an enzyme called lipase . Lipase is a naturally occurring enzyme that helps the baby digest breast milk . When breast milk is frozen , this enzyme is activated and the thawed milk can take on a different odor . The level of lipase in the expressed breast milk will determine how noticeable this difference is . Some moms produce more lipase , and some will notice a fluctuation throughout their pumping experience . Even though this milk can have a funny odor , it is usually safe and can be fed to the baby . If your baby wo n't take this milk , you may have to scald your breast milk prior to freezing it . This deactivates the lipase enzyme and prevents the odor from developing during storage . This can be done by placing freshly expressed breast milk into a pan and heating it until it starts to bubble around the edges . Cool the milk quickly by placing the pan in an ice bath . Once cool , transfer the milk to your desired storage container and store as usual . How do I know If breast milk has gone bad ? If you 're following the guidelines for pumping and storage , there is little chance that your milk will go bad . However , if you do think that you have milk that has potentially gone bad , it 's better to err on the side of caution and discard it . Spoiled breast milk usually smells rancid -LRB- much in the way that spoiled cow 's milk does -RRB- . It can be tough to tell the difference between milk that 's gone bad , and milk that smells bad due to high lipase levels . Consider how well the milk has been stored to help you decide . Did you just pump the milk yesterday or it is from last week ? The answer to that question may help you figure it out . If you have a large quantity of milk that you think might be bad , reach out to a breastfeeding professional in your area for specific advice and guidance -- it may be that you have a high lipase level , and they can help you figure out the best plan forward .", "url": "https://www.mother.ly/life/how-to-store-and-thaw-breast-milk", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.9999090433120728, "Society": 0.9423417448997498, "ClimateEnvironment": 0.7593414187431335}, "second_cat": {"ClimateEnvironment_Weather": 0.7593414187431335, "Society_Other": 0.9423417448997498, "Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 0.9999090433120728}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7527891702394223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgzjn9U", "stitle": "Affidavit : Sex offender asked Wichita boy , 10 , if he wanted to have sex", "seg_title_stem": "affidavit : sex offender ask Wichita boy , 10 , if he want to have sex", "seg_content": "Sunday afternoon a 10-year-old boy was approached by a sex offender making sexually explicit comments , then grabbing his arm . The boy broke free and ran to this QT on South Broadway to get help . pic.twitter.com/XUbnb3bDt8 -- Morgan Mobley KAKE -LRB- @MMobleyKAKE -RRB- July 20 , 2020 According to the affidavit , the boy told authorities he went to a Wichita convenience store on July 19 when he was approached by a man , later identified as Ketcherside , who asked his age and where he lived . Ketcherside then allegedly asked the boy if he had ever had sex , KAKE-TV reported . When the boy said no , Ketcherside allegedly grabbed the boy 's wrist and asked if he could have sex with `` that fine -LRB- expletive -RRB- of yours , '' the television station reported .", "url": "https://www.fox13memphis.com/news/trending/affidavit-sex-offender-asked-wichita-boy-10-if-he-wanted-have-sex/VODPI33TZZCMZCAL4WHU52HJAE/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7527891702394223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgzrVMG", "stitle": "Affidavit : Sex offender asked Wichita boy , 10 , if he wanted to have sex", "seg_title_stem": "affidavit : sex offender ask Wichita boy , 10 , if he want to have sex", "seg_content": "Sunday afternoon a 10-year-old boy was approached by a sex offender making sexually explicit comments , then grabbing his arm . The boy broke free and ran to this QT on South Broadway to get help . pic.twitter.com/XUbnb3bDt8 -- Morgan Mobley KAKE -LRB- @MMobleyKAKE -RRB- July 20 , 2020 According to the affidavit , the boy told authorities he went to a Wichita convenience store on July 19 when he was approached by a man , later identified as Ketcherside , who asked his age and where he lived . Ketcherside then allegedly asked the boy if he had ever had sex , KAKE-TV reported . When the boy said no , Ketcherside allegedly grabbed the boy 's wrist and asked if he could have sex with `` that fine -LRB- expletive -RRB- of yours , '' the television station reported .", "url": "https://www.fox23.com/news/trending/affidavit-sex-offender-asked-wichita-boy-10-if-he-wanted-have-sex/VODPI33TZZCMZCAL4WHU52HJAE/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7527891702394223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgzv3pZ", "stitle": "Affidavit : Sex offender asked Wichita boy , 10 , if he wanted to have sex", "seg_title_stem": "affidavit : sex offender ask Wichita boy , 10 , if he want to have sex", "seg_content": "Sunday afternoon a 10-year-old boy was approached by a sex offender making sexually explicit comments , then grabbing his arm . The boy broke free and ran to this QT on South Broadway to get help . pic.twitter.com/XUbnb3bDt8 -- Morgan Mobley KAKE -LRB- @MMobleyKAKE -RRB- July 20 , 2020 According to the affidavit , the boy told authorities he went to a Wichita convenience store on July 19 when he was approached by a man , later identified as Ketcherside , who asked his age and where he lived . Ketcherside then allegedly asked the boy if he had ever had sex , KAKE-TV reported . When the boy said no , Ketcherside allegedly grabbed the boy 's wrist and asked if he could have sex with `` that fine -LRB- expletive -RRB- of yours , '' the television station reported .", "url": "https://www.actionnewsjax.com/news/trending/affidavit-sex-offender-asked-wichita-boy-10-if-he-wanted-have-sex/VODPI33TZZCMZCAL4WHU52HJAE/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8336290817285489, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'intimacy': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wgzx3KV", "stitle": "The Stupid Reason Why Sex Offender Brock Turner Trended Again in 2020", "seg_title_stem": "the Stupid Reason why sex offender Brock Turner Trended Again in 2020", "seg_content": "If you 're like us , you 're wondering why on earth convicted sexual assailant Brock Turner , 25 , trended on Twitter in 2020 . Well , a number of people seemed to think he was actually going to speak at the upcoming Republican National Convention . This tweet from comedian Jena Friedman had 8,600 likes , and 6,600 retweets as of Tuesday afternoon . BREAKING NEWS : Brock Turner , Stanford Student Athlete Who Assaulted Unconscious Woman , Will Speak At RNC . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Some Twitter users apparently thought Friedman was being serious , or they acknowledged that they could believe it if it were true . Others recognized it as a joke . Turner was convicted and sentenced for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman outside of a 2015 frat party . His six-month jail sentence -LRB- actually , three months in practice -RRB- and his attitude toward the case sparked outrage . The sexual assault survivor , known in court as Emily Doe , gave a powerful account about what happened . `` You took away my worth , my privacy , my energy , my time , my safety , my intimacy , my confidence , my own voice , until today , '' she said . She stepped forward in 2019 under her real name Chanel Miller . She has been known to the world as `` Emily Doe , '' the sexual assault victim of Stanford swimmer Brock Turner . Now she 's revealing her name and face . Chanel Miller , here reading her victim impact statement , gives her first interview to `` 60 Minutes '' https://t.co/U4GDOofVj6 pic.twitter.com/cpVMwCZ4Sk -- 60 Minutes -LRB- @ 60Minutes -RRB- September 4 , 2019 Turner is currently on the sex offender registry in Ohio , according to records viewed by Law & Crime . So some people took Friedman at her word . The thing is , she 's a comedian . These are the tweets that bookend her post about Turner at the RNC . BREAKING NEWS : Bat Who Gave The World Covid Will Speak At RNC -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Now I see how QAnon spreads . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Happy 2020 , everybody . The trend happened as there was some real , eye-catching choices for appearances at the event . In particular , there 's Nicholas Sandmann , the former Covington Catholic student who sued CNN , The Washington Post and others . There 's also Missouri couple Mark and Patricia McCloskey , who were recently charged for pointing guns at protesters -LRB- they said they were acting in self-defense -RRB- . `` I do n't want to get kicked off twitter for other people not understanding satire , '' Friedman wrote Tuesday afternoon . Some Republicans are more upset with my tweet than with a rapist being President . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 President Donald Trump has faced multiple sexual misconduct allegations , and is being sued for defamation by author E. Jean Carroll , who says he sexually assaulted her in the 1990s . Former President Bill Clinton has also faced sexual misconduct allegations . While I have your attention : @TheDemocrats , please stop giving Bill Clinton a platform . He has admitted to abusing his power and has been accused by multiple women of sexual misconduct . He 's not the future of the party , let him go . -- Jena Friedman -LRB- @JenaFriedman -RRB- August 18 , 2020 Just for the heck of it , we reached out to the RNC to ask if Brock Turner was going to be a speaker . They did not immediately respond a Law & Crime request for comment . Chris White contributed to this report . -LSB- Mugshot via Ohio sex offender registry -RSB- Have a tip we should know ? -LSB- email protected -RSB-", "url": "https://lawandcrime.com/crazy/the-stupid-reason-why-sex-offender-brock-turner-trended-again-in-2020/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9999979734420776}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.9999979734420776}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07518631806894173, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'porn': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WgzxUpd", "stitle": "Ex-Erie coach to stay in prison in child porn , sex case", "seg_title_stem": "ex-erie coach to stay in prison in child porn , sex case", "seg_content": "A 31-year-old former coach and teacher from Millcreek Township will remain in prison while he awaits federal prosecution on child pornography charges and a charge that he traveled from Erie to Georgia in the fall of 2018 in an attempt to molest a 13-year-old boy . The continued incarceration of the defendant , Gregory S. Mancini , was ordered following an online detention hearing on Wednesday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Richard A. Lanzillo , based in Erie . Lanzillo cited the nature of the charges and other evidence and found that Mancini represents too much of a potential danger to the community to be released on bond to the custody of his parents . `` Mancini is charged not only with receipt and possession of large volumes of child pornography but also with traveling to Georgia for the purpose and with the intent to engage in sexual activity with a minor . These are heinous and insidious offenses , '' Lanzillo wrote in a six-page opinion he filed on Wednesday afternoon . Local authorities in Georgia charged Mancini in November 2018 with having online sexual conversations with a 13-year-old boy living in metropolitan Atlanta . A federal grand jury in Erie indicted Mancini on similar charges on July 14 . He has been at the Erie County Prison since his arrest on July 21 . Mancini had worked as a teacher at Erie 's Barber National Institute , and he had coached junior varsity basketball at Cathedral Preparatory School . Mancini ended both positions following his arrest in Georgia , and officials at both institutions reported at the time they had received no complaints about Mancini 's behavior . The three-count indictment against Mancini accuses him of one count of traveling in interstate commerce for the purpose of engaging in illicit sexual conduct with another person or attempting to do so . The indictment also accuses him of one count of receiving computer images of child pornography and another count of possessing computer images of child pornography , all between January 2015 and January 2020 . This is a developing story . Return to GoErie.com for updates .", "url": "https://www.pennlive.com/sports/2020/08/ex-erie-coach-to-stay-in-prison-in-child-porn-sex-case.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.025230097327410675, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh0KiZt", "stitle": "Eight arrested in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis", "seg_title_stem": "eight arrest in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis", "seg_content": "SIOUX FALLS , S.D. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- An investigation into sex trafficking at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally has resulted in the arrest of eight men in South Dakota . These eight men were arrested : Robert Lee Goodwill , Jr. , 20 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Cody Wayne Hopkins , 29 , Montgomery , PA -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Michael Ray Hudson , 32 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Travis John McDonald , 28 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet William Nicholas Riley , 60 , Sturgis , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Kevin William Clements , 22 , Claysville , PA -- Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Darren Wilber Harrison , 25 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Christopher Covey Dale Truax , 33 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet U.S. Attorney Ron Parsons has announced that two of the men had been arrested on charges of attempting commercial sex trafficking of a minor . Six others were arrested for attempting to entice a minor using the internet . The investigation was conducted by both federal and South Dakota law enforcement officers and operated for the entire duration of the 10-day rally . The annual event was expected to draw at least 250,000 people to western South Dakota .", "url": "https://www.keloland.com/news/local-news/eight-arrested-in-sex-trafficking-investigation-at-sturgis/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11718655219075348, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh0Su4L", "stitle": "Authorities Search For Wanted Man Accused Of Multiple Child Sex Crimes", "seg_title_stem": "Authorities search for want man Accused of multiple child sex crime", "seg_content": "Tuesday , August 18th 2020 , 5:02 pm Authorities are searching for a man accused of multiple child sex crimes . Oklahoma City police said a no bond warrant out of Oklahoma County is out for 54-year-old Walter E. Walker . He is wanted on 6 complaints of forcible sodomy and four complaints of lewd acts against a child , according to police . Authorities said the 9 victims range from 8 to 13 years old . Walker failed to show up for court this week , police said . Anyone with information , or more on Walker 's whereabouts , is asked to call 911 .", "url": "http://www.news9.com/story/5f3c5010f51ad10bbbc1a271/authorities-search-for-wanted-man-accused-of-multiple-child-sex-crimes-", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4151109322899987, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh0dfkX", "stitle": "From skydiving planes to DEA moles , `` The Syndicate '' explores the fall of a marijuana-smuggling ring", "seg_title_stem": "from skydive plane to DEA mole , `` the syndicate '' explore the fall of a marijuana-smuggling ring", "seg_content": "In October 2014 , SWAT team officers and DEA agents kicked down the doors of 32 people around Denver , all members of a massive marijuana-smuggling ring . For almost five years , the group had fooled regulators overseeing Colorado 's medical marijuana industry by operating seemingly legitimate growhouses , all the while trafficking its harvests out of state using cars -- and skydiving planes . Yep , skydiving planes . In his new podcast `` The Syndicate , '' journalist Chris Walker goes beyond some of the case 's flashy details , speaking to both the members of the criminal organization and the law enforcement agents who took them down , and uncovers how the push for legal marijuana in some states actually drives up black market demand nationally . Walker spoke with Salon about how long he waited to report this story , how the members of `` The Syndicate '' gamed the medical marijuana system , and what it would take for federal legalization to actually work . Tell me a little bit about how you became acquainted with the story that 's presented in `` The Syndicate . '' You were living in Colorado when the major drug bust happened , right ? Right , so in 2015 when this group was busted , or at least a grand jury indictment was handed down , I was working as a staff writer for the second largest newspaper in Denver , which is actually an alternative weekly . This press conference made a splash . I mean , it was the largest pot bust in Colorado since the state had legalized recreational weed in 2012 . And it was just shocking the size and scale of this black market operation . They were using skydiving planes to ship pot out of state . It was a collection of all these college friends and their family members that came from Minnesota to Colorado to hide undercover in the legal market . So they got plenty of attention at the time , there was a big press conference at the Colorado Attorney General 's office , and every outlet in Denver and many around the country , as well , covered this story . But there were limitations . At that time , there were 32 court cases that came out of this , and the state of Colorado wanted to make sure that it could successfully prosecute each of those cases without additional media coverage marring their legal cases . So , the state 's stayed tight-lipped about this for about four years , but I knew that I if I could ever get access to some of the operatives who were allegedly involved in this group , as well as get the law enforcement side , it would just be a fascinating insight into how black market groups operate . Moreover , it would answer this main question in my mind , `` If Colorado had a seemingly thriving legal market , why would you take risks to set up this massive black market operation ? '' Right . I think there 's this misconception that in an era of increased marijuana legalization that there 's less `` need '' for a black market , or that smuggling is on the decline -- but what is the reality of the situation ? Right , so the reality of the situation is that weed is still illegal at the federal level , and not all states have legal weed . There are some states that just do n't have a legal market , so by definition , the only place where you can buy cannabis in those states is `` the black market . '' But that 's not to say that there is n't also a thriving black market in states that have legalized weed . That 's a whole other set of issues . I mean , California is experiencing problems on that front because weed is so heavily taxed there that many people are still choosing to use their street dealer rather than buying it a dispensary . So there are well-established markets in both states that have legal cannabis and in states that do n't . Well -- and you address this in the podcast -- but what is the reality like for someone who is growing illegally who wants to start growing legally ? It 's not as simple as walking down to the county clerk and getting a permit . So in many states , including Colorado where this story is based , they 've actually handed down a lot of control over the cannabis industry to local municipalities and cities . Then there is state involvement as well . There are decisions and various powers given to authorities to award licenses depending on what the municipality 's comfort level with how many pot shops they 'll allow and how many grow facilities they will allow . Cannabis is a big business and there 's a lot of consumer demand for it , so the competition for a limited number of licenses is really stiff . And what we 're seeing right now is a sort of corporatization in the cannabis industry and big Wall Street-backed companies that are starting in multiple states . We 're seeing multimillion dollar bidding wars for the limited licenses that come up in the new markets . So the idea of being a small `` mom and pop '' operation and starting from humble roots -- pardon the pun -- is just not feasible in many places . One of the questions that is raised in `` The Syndicate '' is about how the medical marijuana system can be gamed , like it was by the alleged ringleader Tri Nguyen . Could you talk some about that ? This really gets to why many of these group members originated in Minnesota and came to Colorado , which had a legal market . So , let 's start from the standpoint of someone trying to start a large , illegal marijuana grow . If you 're doing that in a state like Minnesota , you have a couple options . You can try to do it outside , but that 's seriously exposed and easy to see from the air . You could try to do it inside , but that requires huge amounts of electricity and then you have to deal with the huge amount of waste that comes with harvesting cannabis . You 'd have to be continually hiding that from , you know , even like your local garbage collector . So , in Denver , there are over 600 cannabis cultivation facilities . That 's just in the city of Denver alone . And they -LSB- the members of `` The Syndicate '' -RSB- were also taking advantage of an antiquated law in Colorado called the caregiving program . The state of Colorado expanded the program in 2008 and quickly registered so many caregivers that the state could n't really monitor what each and every one of them was going . Under the caregiving program , they could grow up to 500 plants . So what this group did is they all registered as caregivers and then pooled all their pot together . They had paperwork that was official and signed by the state of Colorado . And they did have registered patients as well , but they were using all their allotted plants to really grow for the black market and ship it out of state . And then in conjunction with what I was saying earlier , too , they could establish their warehouse right next to the hundreds of legitimate ones that are spread throughout the city . On that note , you mentioned that you knew early on that you wanted to speak with people on both sides -- you know , growing and distributing , and then on the law enforcement side . What did it look like when you were trying to gain access to some of these people ? So , the law enforcement side , that 's easier to answer . I approached the Colorado Department of Law . It was a fairly impressive investigation . I mean , it thoroughly dismantled this group . They figured out pretty much every person who was involved in it for a span of four years . So I approached the state and say , `` Hey , I can tell you spent a lot of resources and time on this investigation , and I want to help you spotlight the work that you did , and also find out what this says about the black market . '' Colorado was on board , but they wanted to wrap up all their court cases before revealing more information at the time . Pretty much every other reporter in Denver had moved on from the story . They 'd covered the bust , but they were on to other things . So , I had to wait until April 2019 for all the court cases to be concluded . The reason for that is that one personally actually went on the lam and it took until 2019 to locate him in North Carolina and prompt extradite him back to Colorado . But once that happened , I was able to see a lot of evidence that existed around this case that I knew existed , but was sealed to me before -- which included about 100 hours of recorded interrogation tape with 20 tapes . Then approaching alleged members of this group was a whole other path that I had to go down . I spent considerable time trying to get in touch with each and every person . You some , some people did n't want to talk about this , some people believe they were subjected to overzealous law enforcement and some people , you know , wanted to just sort of address the errors of their pasts and express remorse for what they had done . Every single person was different , so those conversations were always interesting for me to test out . You know , how can I work with this individual to get their story out there in a respectful , but also truthful way , to make sure that I was n't getting spun as well ? Was that a fear of yours ? I mean , how did you balance wanting to spotlight the work law enforcement did , while also giving voice to people on the other side of this bust -- all without feeling like either side was playing you ? Yeah , it 's tough because I feel like in these situations , the truth always lies somewhere in between , right ? Law enforcement would certainly tell this story one way . Then if you only had the perspective of the drug smuggling group , it would be skewed in another direction . I had to make a lot of decisions about what was a fair way to portray certain situations . Here 's an example . The show covers some pretty dramatic SWAT raids that happened when the group was busted . This is a part of the story that is told very differently depending on who you talk to . On the drug smuggler side , it was a horrific experience , having a SWAT team bust through your windows and explode flash bangs in your home and terrorize your family . Then on the law enforcement side , it 's like , `` Oh , well , this is absolutely justified because these people are so dangerous . '' The truth is probably somewhere in between in that it was probably overzealous on the side of the SWAT team , but there was probably some justification in that these guys were involved in a pretty shady underworld . Well , and something that I found interesting about this reported podcast is that there are a lot of flashy details -- like , skydiving drug mules , buried bags of cash , partying , cocaine . It sounds like a movie . How much of that was present in the initial media coverage surrounding `` The Syndicate '' drug bust ? Some of those details did come out in the initial media coverage and press conference around the bust in 2015 . Because the state of Colorado is just as savvy as anyone else about garnering media attention , they knew that they could probably get more coverage of their investigation if they talked about the fact like `` Oh , by the way , they were also shipping up to 900 pounds of per trip on these skydiving planes . '' For me as a journalist that specializes in narrative stories , I feel like some of those details are necessary if you 're really going to delve into a lot of policy angles and bigger picture questions about the law and justice in the United States . You need some of those more cinematic elements to just kind of coax your audience into some of the more intellectual questions that arise from these types of stories . What are some of the policy issues that you 're hoping people maybe do consider if they 're listening to `` The Syndicate '' ? I think the first and most immediate one , or the most obvious one , is just this question of federal legalization . Would we have as much black market activity , and would a group like this have been able to pull off the feat they did , if we had just across-the-country legal cannabis ? The answer is probably no . I mean , I do some editorializing at the end of this show . I think it is an argument for taking cannabis off the schedule of drugs , or at least getting it out of Schedule I drug classification at the federal level . Polls show that two thirds of Americans favor recreational pot and around 80 % favor medical marijuana . That 's just like a massive wave of support for federal legalization , which could immediately tackle part of this problem . But even if you were to do that , then this is returning the conversation again to states like California and , to some extent , Colorado . Legalizing weed nationally is just not going to solve the problem overnight . You still need to make sure that consumers can find weed in conveniently available locations . This has happened in Canada , for instance , where there are jurisdictions with just no pot shops , so everyone in that jurisdiction who wants to buy weed has to get it from a black market dealer , right ? And then even if you have legal dispensaries , you 'll also need to ensure supply and then also have a competitive price . If there is a huge markup , the vast majority of buyers are still going to turn to the black market because they 're just like , `` No , I 'm not willing to pay twice as much to get weed from a dispensary . '' So , all of which to say , federal legalization is a step towards combating some of these problems , but it 's a long road ahead . There 's a lot of considerations that need to be carefully weighed to make sure we can slowly chip away at the black market . New episodes of `` The Syndicate '' debut every Tuesday . You can listen to the first three episodes here or listen in the player below .", "url": "https://www.salon.com/2020/08/18/the-syndicate-marijuana-smuggling-podcast-chris-walker/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011222528217874627, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh1KQdi", "stitle": "USDA on Colorado 's State Hemp Plan : Try Again", "seg_title_stem": "USDA on Colorado 's State Hemp Plan : try again", "seg_content": "The U.S. Department of Agriculture has sent Colorado officials back to the drawing board to revise the state 's proposed hemp-farming laws submitted to the feds in June . Legalized nationwide in late 2018 , farming of industrial hemp is still subject to federal oversight ; states , territories and native tribes were given about two years to craft their own regulations and submit them for USDA approval . So far , the USDA has given the go-ahead to the plans of about twenty states and dozens of native tribes and federal territories , but Colorado has n't gotten the okay , with the state 's current status listed as `` pending resubmission . '' Five other states -- California , Illinois , Missouri , Oklahoma and Utah -- currently have the same status . Both the USDA and the Colorado Department of Agriculture insist that Colorado 's plan , championed heavily by Governor Jared Polis , has not been rejected , but is simply going through revisions . `` The Colorado state hemp plan has not been rejected . USDA has reviewed the draft Colorado hemp plan , provided edits and is continuing to work with Colorado state officials , '' says a USDA spokesperson , who notes that the federal agency may formally approve the plan after Colorado incorporates the USDA 's edits . However , there may be more involved than simply incorporating Uncle Sam 's suggestions . While CDA communications director May Peck emphasizes that Colorado 's plan has n't been rejected , she uses the term `` negotiating '' to describe the current dialogue between the state and the federal ag departments . Marijuana Deals Near You `` Colorado 's state hemp plan has not been rejected ; the department has been asked to either ` revise ' or ` clarify ' specific areas in our plan and appendix . There is no mention of rejection , and we are working on the revisions now , '' Peck says . `` We 're not yet at the point that we can publicly share the details of what we are negotiating . '' Polis , state lawmakers , agriculture regulators and hemp farmers have been pleading with the USDA for less restrictive rules since the department 's interim hemp guidelines were released in October 2019 . Colorado officials criticized the Drug Enforcement Administration 's involvement in THC potency testing as well as the required destruction of any hemp that tests for over 0.3 percent THC ; they were also concerned about unclear language regarding where hemp will be stored between harvest and testing . Under Colorado 's initial proposal , hemp farmers would have their plants tested at independently certified hemp-testing labs rather than those certified by the DEA , and those whose plants tested above 0.3 percent but less than 1 percent would largely be protected from criminal charges ; under the USDA 's rules , the farmers would have been more vulnerable to charges of criminal violations , according to hemp-industry attorneys . We Believe Local Journalism is Critical to the Life of a City Engaging with our readers is essential to Westword 's mission . Make a financial contribution or sign up for a newsletter , and help us keep telling Denver 's stories with no paywalls . Support Our Journalism The CDA 's original plan also tasked future state stakeholder groups led by the ag department with more detailed hemp rulemaking instead of calling for immediate implementation of statutory language , and provided the state ag commissioner with more power and flexibility during disciplinary actions . `` As we have done from day one , CDA is working through the state plan submission and approval process in a careful and comprehensive manner to best serve the needs of Colorado , '' said Colorado Commissioner of Agriculture Kate Greenberg in response to the USDA 's actions . `` Given the many changes at the federal level , we are working hard to create a stable and sound regulatory environment so that Colorado 's hemp industry can continue to lead the nation . '' CDA 's Colorado Hemp Advancement and Management Plan had incorporated feedback from numerous stakeholders , including farmers , processors and product manufacturers , state and local government agencies , health-care professionals , financial-services providers , law enforcement and academic institutions , as well as consultation with Southern Ute and Ute Mountain Ute tribes . Update : This post has been updated to include the statement from Kate Greenberg . Thomas Mitchell has written about all things cannabis for Westword since 2014 , covering sports , real estate and general news along the way for publications such as the Arizona Republic , Inman and Fox Sports . He 's currently the cannabis editor for westword.com .", "url": "https://www.westword.com/marijuana/colorado-must-rework-industrial-hemp-laws-for-usda-approval-11775010", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1466385856184737, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh1Nold", "stitle": "Jim Belushi Skinny Dips and Grows Legal Weed In ` Growing Belushi '", "seg_title_stem": "Jim Belushi Skinny Dips and grow legal weed in ` grow Belushi '", "seg_content": "Jim Belushi 's enjoying his own summer of love ... he 's skinny dipping on the regular and growing legal marijuana !!! We got a hilarious clip from the actor 's new show on Discovery Channel , `` Growing Belushi , '' which gives some insight into his daily grind on his cannabis farm in the Pacific Northwest ... lots of swimming in the buff ! Jim 's also got a chicken lady on his 93-acre farm -- this just keeps getting better and better -- and she shares his hilarious disclaimer for anyone who is not down with naked river dives . Check it out ... Jim 's giving a whole new meaning to Southern Oregon 's Rogue River . You can catch the full premiere -- produced by Live Nation Productions and Original Productions -- Wednesday night at 10 PM ET/PT on the Discovery Channel .", "url": "https://www.tmz.com/2020/08/19/jim-belushi-skinny-dip-growing-legal-pot-marijuana-cannabis-farm-oregon-rogue-river/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2916296440582309, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'prostate': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh1OWnE", "stitle": "Duke researchers test vaccine to treat breast cancer", "seg_title_stem": "Duke researcher test vaccine to treat breast cancer", "seg_content": "Breast cancer is a painful illness to endure and a painstaking one to treat , but a team of Duke researchers may have found a two-part solution that could help treat the disease . The researchers , including Herbert Kim Lyerly , the George Barth Geller distinguished professor of cancer research , and Zachary Hartman , an assistant professor of surgery , have developed a vaccine that targets HER2 , a protein found on about 20 % of breast cancers . The vaccine has so far produced promising results when paired with existing drug therapies . The vaccine is currently in Phase 2 of its three-phase testing program . While Phase 1 tests are very limited in scope , giving a new treatment to a small group to test general safety and determine whether there is any immune response to a vaccine , Phase 2 is more extensive . `` Phase 2 is when you know that the vaccine or the drug is relatively safe and you have some idea of what dose to give , '' Lyerly said . `` Then you give it to more people and you say : Is there any evidence that this is going to be beneficial to patients ? '' The team are now in Phase 2 testing of their potentially effective solution that helps stimulate an immune response to breast cancer -- a vaccine that would precede the existing therapeutics to treat the illness . The problem with current HER2 therapies is that they can be quite expensive , and sometimes they have toxic side effects , according to Lyerly . So far , one patient has been vaccinated in Phase 2 , according to Hartman . The vaccine will stimulate the proliferation of T cells , which play a key role in the immune response . `` The vaccine will stimulate an immune response and your body will start to generate T cells , and these T cells will be killer cells . But the tumors , over the past five or 10 years , we found that the tumors actually produce an immunosuppressive environment that prevents these T cells from functioning , '' Lyerly said . Because of that immunosuppressive response , the new vaccine has been paired with drugs that restrict immune suppression . `` When you have the T-cells ready to fight the cancer and then you have the drug that prevents the immune suppression -- they would call these immune checkpoint blockades -- that combination really works unbelievably well , '' Lyerly said . Previously , in Phase 1 , the researchers vaccinated patients with advanced breast cancer and measured their blood to show if it contained antibodies against HER2-positive breast cancer . Nineteen patients were vaccinated in Phase 1 , Hartman said . Since the vaccine has been demonstrated to be safe , the goal is to combine it with an existing therapy that has Food and Drug Administration approval . The vaccine also holds potential to improve therapies for cancers other than HER2-positive breast cancer . `` This ability to allow the T cells to function -- that combination is really enabling this new era of vaccines and immune checkpoint blockade , '' Lyerly said . `` And , so it would be possible that this type of therapeutic strategy would have broad applications and help women around the world that have HER2 positive cancers as well as other cancers . '' Hartman noted that several other cancers have HER2 expression , including gastric cancer , and that other cancers have similar receptors . `` My father was diagnosed with prostate cancer , and that , probably as much as anything , sort of spurred my interest in using vaccines to combat cancer , '' Hartman said . `` Other targets and other cancers using the same kind of approach as our vaccine may be effective . ''", "url": "https://www.dukechronicle.com/article/2020/08/duke-university-researchers-test-vaccine-treat-breast-cancer", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.8376928567886353}, "second_cat": {"Health_FacilitiesServices": 0.9222182631492615, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.8376928567886353}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008890132313303533, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh21lrc", "stitle": "Potters , Butte County", "seg_title_stem": "potter , Butte County", "seg_content": "Potters , Butte Unit , Cal Fire . Five miles northeast of Oroville , CA . Brush and grass . Active fire behavior with uphill runs , backing and short-range spotting . Numerous structures and energy infrastructure threatened . Area , road , and trail closures in effect . August 18 , 2020 at 8:58 AM Butte Lightning Complex -LSB- update -RSB- 26 fires in the unit , largest is #Pottersfire , 800 acres 0 % contained . 2-24 -LRB- Forest Ranch/Doe Mill -RRB- 330 acres 0 % contained . All fires have been located but we are still discovering smokes . Resources have been ordered to assist .", "url": "https://yubanet.com/california-fires/potters/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7527891702394223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2347K", "stitle": "Affidavit : Sex offender asked Wichita boy , 10 , if he wanted to have sex", "seg_title_stem": "affidavit : sex offender ask Wichita boy , 10 , if he want to have sex", "seg_content": "Sunday afternoon a 10-year-old boy was approached by a sex offender making sexually explicit comments , then grabbing his arm . The boy broke free and ran to this QT on South Broadway to get help . pic.twitter.com/XUbnb3bDt8 -- Morgan Mobley KAKE -LRB- @MMobleyKAKE -RRB- July 20 , 2020 According to the affidavit , the boy told authorities he went to a Wichita convenience store on July 19 when he was approached by a man , later identified as Ketcherside , who asked his age and where he lived . Ketcherside then allegedly asked the boy if he had ever had sex , KAKE-TV reported . When the boy said no , Ketcherside allegedly grabbed the boy 's wrist and asked if he could have sex with `` that fine -LRB- expletive -RRB- of yours , '' the television station reported .", "url": "https://www.kiro7.com/news/trending/affidavit-sex-offender-asked-wichita-boy-10-if-he-wanted-have-sex/VODPI33TZZCMZCAL4WHU52HJAE/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh24uSI", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.actionnewsjax.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057874532614725464, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh25R18", "stitle": "Ohio priest accused of sex trafficking", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio priest accuse of sex trafficking", "seg_content": "Zacharias was arrested without incident at his home in Findlay by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force , WTOL reported . Zacharias , the pastor at St. Michael the Archangel parish in Findlay , was placed on administrative leave by the Diocese of Toledo . The Rev. Michael Zacharias , pastor of Findlay 's St. Michael the Archangel Parish , has been federally charged with sex trafficking of a minor and sex trafficking of an adult . https://t.co/TQCdDfyBsS -- The Findlay Courier -LRB- @FindlayCourier -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Bishop Daniel E. Thomas said in a news release . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' `` We grieve for the loss of innocence for those victims and also for those parishioners who placed their trust in someone who used that trust to prey on not only innocent but often vulnerable and at-risk children , '' Smith said . `` We suspect there are other victims not only in this community but in others where Father Zacharias has served . '' Former Fremont priest Michael Zacharias , 53 , was taken into custody Tuesday without incident at his home by members of the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . https://t.co/Re8Rfz3zme -- NewarkAdvocate.com -LRB- @NewarkAdvocate -RRB- August 18 , 2020 `` I am distraught by the news of the arrest of Father Michael Zacharias , '' Findlay Mayor Christina Muryn said in a statement . `` These allegations are not taken lightly , and the Findlay Police Department and our community at large will support the full and thorough investigation by the FBI . Such abuse of power , and perversion of sexuality is unacceptable and can not be tolerated by any organization , individual , or society . '' In May 2017 , Zacharias was appointed by Thomas from pastor of Saint Ann Parish and Saint Joseph Parish in Fremont , where he had served for six years , to the Findlay parish , the Newark Advocate reported . Zacharias also served as priest at St. Peter 's in Mansfield and in Van Wert , the newspaper reported .", "url": "https://www.fox23.com/news/trending/ohio-priest-accused-sex-trafficking/ZJLKC7A66FFQTKQFXBNA5T3XLE/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.6846941113471985}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.6846941113471985}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.13662157282490067, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'oral sex': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh26Ryv", "stitle": "Ohio Catholic priest faces sex-trafficking charges", "seg_title_stem": "Ohio Catholic priest face sex-trafficking charge", "seg_content": "FINDLAY , Ohio -- A Catholic priest in Northwest Ohio was arrested Tuesday by federal authorities on sex-trafficking charges . Michael Zacharias , 53 , of Findlay , Ohio , is charged with coercion and enticement , sex trafficking of a minor , and sex trafficking of an adult by force , fraud , or coercion , according to the Cleveland Division of the FBI . He was arrested without incident at his residence by the Northwest Ohio Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force . Zacharias is the pastor of St. Michael the Archangel Parish in Findlay . The Blade reports Zacharias presided over a 7 a.m. Mass at the church before his arrest . He has been placed on administrative leave by the Catholic Diocese of Toledo . `` I am profoundly shocked and grieved to learn of these charges against one of our priests , '' Toledo Diocese Bishop Daniel Thomas said in a statement . `` The Church can not and will not tolerate any such behavior and takes any sexual abuse or misconduct on the part of a cleric with the utmost seriousness . As we await the outcome of the criminal investigation , our prayers go out to anyone affected by this situation . '' According to the FBI , Zacharias has engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s and that he `` groomed '' victims for possible future sexual purposes . The FBI is asking anyone who might have been a victim to contact investigators at 216-622-6842 . The FBI said he previously worked at St. Catherine of Siena Parish in Toledo , St. Peter Parish in Mansfield , St. Mary of the Assumption Parish in Van Wert and St. Ann and St. Joseph Parishes in Fremont . He was ordained in 2002 . The Blade reports that court records show Zacharias groomed two male victims , now ages 32 and 26 , while he was a seminarian and they were students at St. Catherine of Siena . The records show that the victims say they were addicted to drugs , and accused Zacharias of funding their addictions by paying them for oral sex . `` This is obviously a sad day not only for the church family , for the community , but it also marks the beginning of healing for those victimized by Michael Zacharias , '' FBI Agent Eric Smith said , according to the Associated Press .", "url": "https://www.cleveland.com/crime/2020/08/ohio-catholic-priest-faces-sex-trafficking-charges.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9929487705230713, "CrimePublicsafety": 0.7603164911270142}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.9929487705230713, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.7603164911270142}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012974820770566536, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2KWw5", "stitle": "After nearly a decade in prison for a marijuana sale , Derek Harris was freed this week", "seg_title_stem": "after nearly a decade in prison for a marijuana sale , Derek Harris be free this week", "seg_content": "Derek Harris , a Louisiana man who was sentenced to life in prison for selling less than $ 30 worth of marijuana , has been freed after nearly a decade behind bars . Harris ' life sentence was recently reduced to time served -- nine years -- and he was released from the Louisiana State Penitentiary , according to a Tuesday news release from the Promise of Justice Initiative , a New Orleans-based nonprofit . His release comes at a time when prisoners across the country face heightened risks of coronavirus , with many institutions reporting hundreds of cases among prisoners and staff members . `` This delayed justice was a terrifying ordeal for Derek and his family , '' Mercedes Montagnes , the nonprofit 's executive director said . `` As COVID-19 rates continue to rise in DOC facilities , every day spent in Angola was a tremendous risk for Derek 's health and safety . '' Harris ' release is just the first step in helping him move forward , his attorney , Cormac Boyle said . `` Supporting Derek did not end with overturning his egregious life sentence and it did not end the day he walked out of Angola , '' Boyle said in a statement . According to the release , Harris used to work in the prison 's hospital for years but is now a free man with no job and in need of `` basic help for medications and other necessities to get him started in his new life . '' `` Righting the harms done to a person through incarceration includes supporting their health , housing , and adjustment to their long-deserved freedom we need all the help we can get , '' Boyle said . About .69 grams Harris , a military veteran , was arrested in 2008 in Abbeville , Louisiana , for selling an officer .69 grams of marijuana . He was initially convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison , according to the state 's Supreme Court . In 2012 , he was re-sentenced to life in prison under the Habitual Offender Law , which allows judges to hand enhanced sentences to those who have previous convictions on their record . Criminal justice reform advocates have pointed to the law as a major driver behind mass incarceration and claimed it often brought about unfair and harsh sentences for nonviolent crimes . `` Louisiana 's habitual offender law is abused , misused and ineffective , '' Jamila Johnson , a senior supervising attorney for the Southern Poverty Law Center Action Fund , said in a 2019 statement on the law . `` People suffering from addiction , mental illness , and poverty can find themselves in prison for decades for something as minor as stealing $ 14 . ''", "url": "https://www.abc17news.com/news/national-world/2020/08/19/after-nearly-a-decade-in-prison-for-a-marijuana-sale-derek-harris-was-freed-this-week/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01732507159384925, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2KZaG", "stitle": "After nearly a decade in prison for a marijuana sale , Derek Harris was freed this week", "seg_title_stem": "after nearly a decade in prison for a marijuana sale , Derek Harris be free this week", "seg_content": "Derek Harris , a Louisiana man who was sentenced to life in prison for selling less than $ 30 worth of marijuana , has been freed after nearly a decade behind bars . Harris ' life sentence was recently reduced to time served -- nine years -- and he was released from the Louisiana State Penitentiary , according to a Tuesday news release from the Promise of Justice Initiative , a New Orleans-based nonprofit . His release comes at a time when prisoners across the country face heightened risks of coronavirus , with many institutions reporting hundreds of cases among prisoners and staff members . `` This delayed justice was a terrifying ordeal for Derek and his family , '' Mercedes Montagnes , the nonprofit 's executive director said . `` As COVID-19 rates continue to rise in DOC facilities , every day spent in Angola was a tremendous risk for Derek 's health and safety . '' Harris ' release is just the first step in helping him move forward , his attorney , Cormac Boyle said . `` Supporting Derek did not end with overturning his egregious life sentence and it did not end the day he walked out of Angola , '' Boyle said in a statement . According to the release , Harris used to work in the prison 's hospital for years but is now a free man with no job and in need of `` basic help for medications and other necessities to get him started in his new life . '' `` Righting the harms done to a person through incarceration includes supporting their health , housing , and adjustment to their long-deserved freedom we need all the help we can get , '' Boyle said . About .69 grams Harris , a military veteran , was arrested in 2008 in Abbeville , Louisiana , for selling an officer .69 grams of marijuana . He was initially convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison , according to the state 's Supreme Court . In 2012 , he was re-sentenced to life in prison under the Habitual Offender Law , which allows judges to hand enhanced sentences to those who have previous convictions on their record . Criminal justice reform advocates have pointed to the law as a major driver behind mass incarceration and claimed it often brought about unfair and harsh sentences for nonviolent crimes . `` Louisiana 's habitual offender law is abused , misused and ineffective , '' Jamila Johnson , a senior supervising attorney for the Southern Poverty Law Center Action Fund , said in a 2019 statement on the law . `` People suffering from addiction , mental illness , and poverty can find themselves in prison for decades for something as minor as stealing $ 14 . ''", "url": "https://kvia.com/news/us-world/2020/08/19/after-nearly-a-decade-in-prison-for-a-marijuana-sale-derek-harris-was-freed-this-week/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8598416116492091, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2Kwgr", "stitle": "Teresa Giudice , 48 , & Daughter Milania , 15 , Show Off Their Killer Tans In Matching Bikinis -- Pic", "seg_title_stem": "Teresa Giudice , 48 , & Daughter Milania , 15 , Show off they killer tan in match Bikinis -- Pic", "seg_content": "Milania Giudice took to Instagram to share a model new pic of her and her mother , Teresa Giudice , wanting flawless whereas posing in flattering brilliant purple bikini tops whereas at their ` glad place . ' Teresa Giudice , 48 , and daughter Milania Giudice , 15 , confirmed off their comparable options and lovely figures in a brand new Instagram pic that 's the good illustration of summer time ! The latter magnificence shared the snapshot on her web page on Aug. 18 and in it , she and her mother are standing and posing whereas carrying comparable brilliant purple bikini tops over their tanned higher our bodies and flaunting lengthy wavy brown locks . `` the shore is our glad place :-RRB- , '' Milania captioned the put up , whereas tagging their house state of New Jersey . As soon as Milania 's new pic went public , a lot of her followers responded with compliments within the feedback part . `` you might be so freaking attractive ❤ ❤ , '' one follower wrote whereas one other referred to as the mom and daughter `` beautiful . '' A 3rd referred to as them `` so stunning '' and a fourth gave a shout-out about their `` attractive tans ! '' Milania 's newest pic along with her mother comes only a week after Teresa shared her personal bikini pic along with her look-alike gal . In her Instagram put up , the 2 beautiful girls are posing on a seashore full of individuals within the background and Teresa is donning a blue bikini whereas Milania is carrying a pink tie-dye model one . `` Sunday Funday , '' Teresa captioned the pic . Teresa additionally shared one other pic with all 4 of her daughters , together with Milania , Gia ,19 , Gabriella , 16 and Audriana , 11 , on July 31 . They smiled and took the pic at Charlie 's Of Bay Head and have been all dressed to impress in outfits that have been snug and trendy and ideal for warm climate ! The proud mom captioned the pic with `` My 4 hearts '' and added 4 little black coronary heart icons that represented her candy ladies . When the ladies are n't spending time with their doting mother , they 're visiting their dad , Joe Giudice , 48 , who now lives in Italy . They 've already taken a number of journeys to the nation over the previous 12 months and at all times appear thrilled to see their father , who additionally adores his time with them . A supply additionally informed us that Teresa plans on seeing her ex within the Fall as effectively . `` Teresa 's subsequent plan to see Joe is in The Bahamas within the fall , '' the supply EXCLUSIVELY informed HollywoodLife in June .", "url": "https://sunriseread.com/teresa-giudice-48-daughter-milania-15-show-off-their-killer-tans-in-matching-bikinis-pic/111912/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9998564720153809}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9998564720153809}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012974820770566536, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2N0uh", "stitle": "After nearly a decade in prison for a marijuana sale , Derek Harris was freed this week", "seg_title_stem": "after nearly a decade in prison for a marijuana sale , Derek Harris be free this week", "seg_content": "Derek Harris , a Louisiana man who was sentenced to life in prison for selling less than $ 30 worth of marijuana , has been freed after nearly a decade behind bars . Harris ' life sentence was recently reduced to time served -- nine years -- and he was released from the Louisiana State Penitentiary , according to a Tuesday news release from the Promise of Justice Initiative , a New Orleans-based nonprofit . His release comes at a time when prisoners across the country face heightened risks of coronavirus , with many institutions reporting hundreds of cases among prisoners and staff members . `` This delayed justice was a terrifying ordeal for Derek and his family , '' Mercedes Montagnes , the nonprofit 's executive director said . `` As COVID-19 rates continue to rise in DOC facilities , every day spent in Angola was a tremendous risk for Derek 's health and safety . '' Harris ' release is just the first step in helping him move forward , his attorney , Cormac Boyle said . `` Supporting Derek did not end with overturning his egregious life sentence and it did not end the day he walked out of Angola , '' Boyle said in a statement . According to the release , Harris used to work in the prison 's hospital for years but is now a free man with no job and in need of `` basic help for medications and other necessities to get him started in his new life . '' `` Righting the harms done to a person through incarceration includes supporting their health , housing , and adjustment to their long-deserved freedom we need all the help we can get , '' Boyle said . About .69 grams Harris , a military veteran , was arrested in 2008 in Abbeville , Louisiana , for selling an officer .69 grams of marijuana . He was initially convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison , according to the state 's Supreme Court . In 2012 , he was re-sentenced to life in prison under the Habitual Offender Law , which allows judges to hand enhanced sentences to those who have previous convictions on their record . Criminal justice reform advocates have pointed to the law as a major driver behind mass incarceration and claimed it often brought about unfair and harsh sentences for nonviolent crimes . `` Louisiana 's habitual offender law is abused , misused and ineffective , '' Jamila Johnson , a senior supervising attorney for the Southern Poverty Law Center Action Fund , said in a 2019 statement on the law . `` People suffering from addiction , mental illness , and poverty can find themselves in prison for decades for something as minor as stealing $ 14 . ''", "url": "https://www.kesq.com/news/national-world/2020/08/19/after-nearly-a-decade-in-prison-for-a-marijuana-sale-derek-harris-was-freed-this-week/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02542978076786877, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2RBpF", "stitle": "Jim Belushi explains how medical marijuana could have helped save his brother John Belushi 's life", "seg_title_stem": "Jim Belushi explain how medical marijuana could have help save he brother John Belushi 's life", "seg_content": "EXCLUSIVE : Jim Belushi is eager to blaze a trail with his latest role - that of cannabis owner . The 66-year-old actor and comedian is starring in a new reality TV series on Discovery titled `` Growing Belushi , '' which chronicles the star 's life as he runs a 93-acre Oregon farm with his family . Some of Belushi 's brands include Captain Jack 's Gulzar Afghanica , known in the ` 70s as `` the smell of SNL , '' as well as Black Diamond and Cherry Pie , which he describes as `` the marriage counselor . '' `` I just thought that this was something that nobody 's ever seen , '' Belushi told Fox News on what compelled him to allow cameras to follow him , his family and employees around . CHEECH & CHONG REFLECT ON ` UP IN SMOKE ' SUCCESS : ` THE STUDIO HAD NO IDEA WHAT WE WERE DOING ' `` I think there are people that are very frightened about cannabis and its attributes and I thought , ` You know what ? If everybody just sees how it 's grown , sees the people that are involved , that really care ... the testing that 's involved , the safety involved , they may feel a little more relaxed about trying cannabis . ''' Belushi shared that he is a strong believer in the medicinal benefits marijuana can provide to those seeking alternatives to help them cope with several health woes , including anxiety , sleeplessness , and Alzheimer 's . `` It 's nonviolent , '' he explained . `` It also leads to a higher consciousness , which leads to compassion and empathy for others . I mean , that 's all part of the wellness of cannabis . I 've learned all that . We show it on ` Growing Belushi . ' It 's really cool . And the show is very funny because I 'm an idiot . You 're watching my education in farming and cannabis and some funny stuff . '' BEAR GRYLLS TALKS NEW COMPETITION SHOW ` WORLD 'S TOUGHEST RACE ' OZZY OSBOURNE 'S DAUGHTER AIMEE HAS NO REGRETS ABOUT NOT FILMING FAMILY 'S REALITY SHOW ` THE OSBOURNES ' Belushi 's passion for his farm is partly fueled by a personal tragedy . His brother , John Belushi , passed away in 1982 at age 33 from a drug overdose . Jim Belushi believed the `` Saturday Night Live '' star was likely self-medicating to address head injuries he suffered from early on in his life . `` My brother , I think , suffered from CTE , '' Belushi explained . `` He was a middle linebacker , captain of the team , all-state and all-conference . And he banged his head for four years . He got the most tackles in our high school and he got his bell rung a lot . There -LSB- were -RSB- a lot of concussions . And back then , they 'd say , ` What 's the matter ? You got your bell rung ? Get back in there Belushi . ' `` Senior year he seizured in our home , and we did n't know what it was , '' Belushi recalled . Belushi previously told the Alchemy podcast that despite spinal taps and X-rays , doctors could n't determine the cause of his sibling 's seizure . According to Belushi , it was during college that `` cannabis was medicine for him . '' But at the time , marijuana was n't recognized as a legal treatment option . ` THE SINNER ' STAR BILL PULLMAN REFLECTS ON HIS FRIENDSHIP WITH JOHN CANDY : ` HE TOOK ME UNDER HIS WING ' `` It was all considered one drug , '' he remarked . `` But I believe what Dan Aykroyd says : ` If John was a pothead he 'd be alive today , ''' Belushi continued . `` And we think the medicine could have really helped him with that CTE , that suffering . That 's one of my purposes . '' Belushi 's farm offers the `` Blues Brothers '' brand of cannabis products , which pays homage to the 1980 film starring John and Aykroyd , 68 . `` It 's got the music , it 's got the fun , the mischievousness and it 's got the mission from God , which is the healing , '' said Belushi . So ` Blues Brothers ' is perfect for cannabis , and that 's part of what ` Growing Belushi ' is all about - attaining the ` Blues Brothers ' rights . It 's fun with Dan Aykroyd in it ... We have a lot of fun . '' ` BELOW DECK ' STAR CAPTAIN LEE ROSBACH HONORS SON AFTER FATAL DRUG OVERDOSE : ` IT 'S NEVER OUT OF YOUR MIND ' Belushi believes he 's onto something . He described how he visited a dispensary in Western Oregon where he encountered a veteran who truly made him realize that his unlikely path into farming was worth it . `` He looked at me , '' Belushi recalled . `` I said , ` Are you all right ? ' Then he just looked , stared at me . And he said , ` I was in Iraq . I was a medic , and I saw things that happened in the human body that nobody should ever witness . ' And he said , ` I have PTSD . They say I have triple PTSD , and they gave me a bottle ... of Oxycotin ... to help me . I got off it , and I have trouble talking to my wife and my children and sleeping . ''' `` And he said , ` Your Black Diamond is the only thing that relaxes me enough to take away the terror in my heart and talk to my family and sleep , ''' Belushi continued . `` He hugged me with tears , and I said , ` I did n't make this . ' He goes , ` No , but you 're the steward . ' That was the point where it all changed for me . There are so many people suffering out there . Trauma ... number one fear in life is death . The number two fear in life -- collapse of family . And families collapse from alcoholism , from divorce , from someone who dies in their family . Like my family -- it totally collapsed my family . RANDY FENOLI ON WHY ` SAY YES TO THE DRESS ' IS THE PERFECT QUARANTINE SHOW : PEOPLE ` NEED HOPE ' BO DEREK REFLECTS ON GIVING BACK TO AMERICAN VETERANS : ` THERE 'S JUST SO MUCH WE DO N'T DO FOR OUR HEROES ' `` We all have trauma that 's ... screaming inside ... All I 'm saying is from my experience with veterans especially is that cannabis is safe , clean and peaceful ... That veteran changed my life . '' `` Growing Belushi '' premieres August 19 at 10 p.m. on Discovery .", "url": "https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/jim-belushi-medical-marijuana-john-belushi-growing-belushi", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9998884201049805}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9998884201049805}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0124385747346228, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2a5MP", "stitle": "After nearly a decade in prison for a marijuana sale , Derek Harris has been freed", "seg_title_stem": "after nearly a decade in prison for a marijuana sale , Derek Harris have be free", "seg_content": "-LRB- CNN -RRB- -- Derek Harris , a Louisiana man who was sentenced to life in prison for selling less than $ 30 worth of marijuana , has been freed after nearly a decade behind bars . Harris ' life sentence was recently reduced to time served -- nine years -- and he was released from the Louisiana State Penitentiary , according to a Tuesday news release from the Promise of Justice Initiative , a New Orleans-based nonprofit . His release comes at a time when prisoners across the country face heightened risks of coronavirus , with many institutions reporting hundreds of cases among prisoners and staff members . `` This delayed justice was a terrifying ordeal for Derek and his family , '' Mercedes Montagnes , the nonprofit 's executive director said . `` As COVID-19 rates continue to rise in DOC facilities , every day spent in Angola was a tremendous risk for Derek 's health and safety . '' Harris ' release is just the first step in helping him move forward , his attorney , Cormac Boyle said . `` Supporting Derek did not end with overturning his egregious life sentence and it did not end the day he walked out of Angola , '' Boyle said in a statement . According to the release , Harris used to work in the prison 's hospital for years but is now a free man with no job and in need of `` basic help for medications and other necessities to get him started in his new life . '' `` Righting the harms done to a person through incarceration includes supporting their health , housing , and adjustment to their long-deserved freedom we need all the help we can get , '' Boyle said . About .69 grams Harris , a military veteran , was arrested in 2008 in Abbeville , Louisiana , for selling an officer .69 grams of marijuana . He was initially convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison , according to the state 's Supreme Court . In 2012 , he was re-sentenced to life in prison under the Habitual Offender Law , which allows judges to hand enhanced sentences to those who have previous convictions on their record . Criminal justice reform advocates have pointed to the law as a major driver behind mass incarceration and claimed it often brought about unfair and harsh sentences for nonviolent crimes . `` Louisiana 's habitual offender law is abused , misused and ineffective , '' Jamila Johnson , a senior supervising attorney for the Southern Poverty Law Center Action Fund , said in a 2019 statement on the law . `` People suffering from addiction , mental illness , and poverty can find themselves in prison for decades for something as minor as stealing $ 14 . ''", "url": "https://edition.cnn.com/2020/08/19/us/derek-harris-marijuana-sentenced-freed-trnd/index.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000096559524536}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000096559524536}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3188630071898292, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {'os': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2o5Qp", "stitle": "Aquaporin 1 promotes sensitivity of anthracycline chemotherapy in breast cancer by inhibiting β-catenin degradation to enhance TopoIIα activity", "seg_title_stem": "aquaporin 1 promote sensitivity of anthracycline chemotherapy in breast cancer by inhibit β-catenin degradation to enhance topoiiα activity", "seg_content": "Abstract Anthracyclines are a class of conventional and commonly used frontline chemotherapy drugs to treat breast cancer . However , the anthracycline-based regimens can only reduce breast cancer mortality by 20 -- 30 % . Furthermore , there is no appropriate biomarker for predicting responses to this kind of chemotherapy currently . Here we report our findings that may fill this gap by showing the AQP1 -LRB- Aquaporin1 -RRB- protein as a potential response predictor in the anthracycline chemotherapy . We showed that breast cancer patients with a high level of AQP1 expression who underwent the anthracycline treatment had a better clinical outcome relative to those with a low level of AQP1 expression . In the exploration of the underlying mechanisms , we found that the AQP1 and glycogen synthase kinase-3β -LRB- GSK3β -RRB- competitively interacted with the 12 armadillo repeats of β-catenin , followed by the inhibition of the β-catenin degradation that led to β-catenin 's accumulation in the cytoplasm and nuclear translocation . The nuclear β-catenin interacted with TopoIIα and enhanced TopoIIα 's activity , which resulted in a high sensitivity of breast cancer cells to anthracyclines . We also found , the miR-320a-3p can attenuate the anthracycline 's chemosensitivity by inhibiting the AQP1 expression . Taken together , our findings suggest the efficacy of AQP1 as a response predictor in the anthracycline chemotherapy . The application of our study includes , but is not limited to , facilitating screening of the most appropriate breast cancer patients -LRB- who have a high AQP1 expression -RRB- for better anthracycline chemotherapy and improved prognosis purposes . Introduction Breast cancer is the most common type of malignant tumor in women -LSB- 1 -RSB- . Anthracyclines are a class of conventional and widely applied frontline chemotherapy drugs to treat breast cancer . However , the anthracycline-based regimens can only reduce breast cancer mortality by 20 -- 30 % -LSB- 2 -RSB- , and not all breast cancer patients benefit equally from this kind of chemotherapy . Currently , there is no appropriate biomarker for predicting responses to the anthracycline-based chemotherapy . Therefore , a reliable marker that could predict the sensitivity to anthracyclines and help screen the most appropriate patients to receive the anthracycline-based chemotherapies was desirable and highly valuable for individualized chemotherapy and improved patient survival . To identify possible biomarkers in this aspect , we first randomly selected the invasive ductal carcinoma -LRB- IDC -RRB- tissues with their paired adjacent tissues from 22 patients ' samples . These patients included 10 epirubicin -LRB- EPI -RRB- sensitive and 12 EPI non-sensitive patients according to their primary tumor cells sensitivity to EPI . Through mRNA microarray analysis , we identified AQP1 's -LRB- Aquaporin1 -RRB- involvement in the predictive response to anthracyclines ' sensitivity . Our clinical study of 341 IDC patients further confirmed that patients with a high AQP1 expression level had a better clinical outcome in the anthracycline chemotherapy relative to the patients with a low level of AQP1 expression . Previously , we reported that the membrane water channel protein AQP1 mainly localized in the cytoplasm of breast cancer cells and that the cytoplasmic expression of AQP1 could promote the malignant progression of breast cancer -LSB- 3 -RSB- . The expression pattern of AQP1 in breast cancer tissues , distinct from that in healthy tissues , suggests a possible relation between its cytoplasm localization and its function in breast cancer development . In the present study , we discovered that the cytoplasmic AQP1 and GSK3β competitively interacted with the 12 armadillo repeats of β-catenin , a reaction that could inhibit the ubiquitin-proteasome degradation pathway of β-catenin in AQP1 overexpressed breast cancer cells . We also found that AQP1 could promote the accumulation of β-catenin in the cytoplasm so that the accumulated β-catenin can enter the nucleus . Once in the nucleus , β-catenin interacts with TopoIIα and enhances its catalytic activity , leading to a high sensitivity of breast cancer cells to anthracyclines -LSB- 4,5,6,7,8,9 -RSB- . Our study here suggests the usage of AQP1 as a response predictor in the anthracycline chemotherapy may be feasible . The application of our study includes , but is not limited to , facilitating screening of the most appropriate breast cancer patients -LRB- who have a high AQP1 expression -RRB- for better anthracycline chemotherapy and improved prognosis purposes . Materials and methods Ethics approval and consent to participate Paraffin-embedded specimens from 341 patients diagnosed with IDC from 2004 to 2007 were randomly selected and reviewed from the archives of the Department of Breast Cancer Pathology and Research Laboratory , Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital . This study was approved by Institutional Ethics Committee of Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital -LRB- bc2017019 -RRB- , and each participant signed an informed consent document . Additionally , all animal work procedures were approved by the Ethics Committee of the Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital -LRB- bc2017019 -RRB- . Patients ' clinical information Paraffin-embedded specimens from 341 patients diagnosed with IDC from 2004 to 2007 were randomly selected and reviewed from the archives of the Department of Breast Cancer Pathology and Research Laboratory , Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital . The histopathology and diagnosis in each case was confirmed independently by two pathologists according to the World Health Organization criteria for the classification of breast cancer . All 341 patients with IDC were women aged from 27 to 89 year -LRB- average age , 51.48 year -RRB- . During the follow-up -LRB- range : 2 -- 120 months -RRB- , eight patients -LRB- 2.3 % -RRB- had recurrence , 53 patients -LRB- 15.5 % -RRB- had distant metastasis and 35 patients -LRB- 10.3 % -RRB- died of breast cancer . Among the 341 patients , the effect of AQP1 expression on prognosis was analyzed in the patients receiving CEF chemotherapy regimens -LRB- n = 97 -RRB- and those who did not receive CEF chemotherapy regimens -LRB- n = 244 -RRB- , respectively . The effect of CEF regimens and CMF regimens -LRB- n = 59 -RRB- on the prognosis of patients with high -LRB- n = 143 -RRB- or low -LRB- n = 198 -RRB- expression of AQP1 was also analyzed . A total of 70 patients diagnosed with IDC from 2009 to 2013 in Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute & Hospital were enrolled in this study . They were divided into EPI sensitive group and EPI non-sensitive group , according to collagen gel droplet-embedded culture drug sensitivity test -LRB- CD-DST -RRB- . None of the patients had received neoadjuvant chemotherapy or preoperative radiation therapy before surgery . Collagen gel droplet-embedded culture drug sensitivity test procedure The 70 patients who were diagnosed as IDC between July 2009 and February 2013 were randomly selected . CD-DST divided patients into two groups . EPI with low T/C ratio -LRB- T/C ratio ≤ 50 % -RRB- represented the sensitive group and EPI with high T/C ratio -LRB- T/C ratio > 50 % -RRB- represented the non-sensitive group . T was the total number of living cancer cells in the drug treatment group , C was the total number of living cancer cells in the control group . The T and C values were calculated as an average of triplicate droplets . Primary tumor cells were collected using Collagen Gel Culture kit Primaster -LRB- Nitta Gelatin Inc -RRB- -LSB- 10 , 11 -RSB- . Microarray hybridization and computational analysis Breast cancer tissues and their paired adjacent tissues were obtained from 10 EPI sensitive and 12 EPI non-sensitive breast cancer patients according to primary tumor cells sensitivity to EPI . The human materials were obtained with informed consent , and the study was approved by the Clinical Research Ethics Committee . None of patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy before this study . The global LncRNA and mRNA expression profiling and data analysis for these tissues were obtained through microarray analysis by Agilent human LncRNA microarray 4 × 180 K gene expression data -LRB- Bioassay Laboratory of CapitalBio Corporation , Beijing , China -RRB- . Genes with P < 0.05 and | fold change | > 2 were considered as differentially expressed genes -LRB- DEGs -RRB- . DEGs in the EPI sensitive group and EPI non-sensitive group by mRNA microarray analysis were listed in the Supplementary Table S1 . Bioinformatics analysis The 1218 breast cancer patients ' RNAseq data showed in Fig. 3a , b and Supplementary Fig . S3a , b was obtained from the TCGA -LRB- https://portal.gdc.cancer.gov -RRB- , and the gene expression profiles were divided into two groups according to the expression of AQP1 . The limma R package was used to calculate the differentially expressed statistics . We used these statistics as input to R-function in ClusterProfile package to perform GSEA -LSB- 12 -RSB- . The miRNA expression profile and doxorubicin sensitivity -LRB- IC50 -RRB- data of breast cancer cell lines -LRB- n = 44 -RRB- , shown in Supplementary Fig . S7a , were downloaded from Cancer Cell Lines Encyclopedia -LRB- CCLE , https://portals.broadinstitute.org/ccle -RRB- . We divided breast cancer cell lines -LRB- n = 44 -RRB- into two groups -LRB- miR-320a-3p high group and miR-320a-3p low group -RRB- by using the median expression level as cutoff point . The relationship of miR-320a-3p level and doxorubicin sensitivity -LRB- IC50 -RRB- was analyzed by correlations analysis . The miRNA and mRNA gene expression profile of breast cancer tissues -LRB- n = 98 -RRB- summarized in Supplementary Fig . S7b -- c were downloaded from GEO -LRB- ID : GSE19783 -RRB- . The relationship of miR-320a-3p and AQP1 expression were analyzed by correlations analyses . Cell culture and reagents MDA-MB-231 cells and HEK-293T cells were cultured in DMEM medium supplemented with 10 % fetal bovine serum in a 5 % CO2 incubator at 37 °C . T47D cells , MCF7 cells were obtained from the ATCC and cultured in RPMI-1640 medium supplemented with 15 % fetal bovine serum in a 5 % CO2 incubator at 37 °C . Cells were tested and authenticated in Beijing Microread Genetics Co. , Ltd. -LRB- Beijing , China -RRB- by short tandem repeat -LRB- STR -RRB- profiling . All cell lines tested negative for mycoplasma contamination . MG132 -LRB- C2211 -RRB- and CHX -LRB- C1998 -RRB- were purchased from Sigma . Recombinant human Wnt-3a was purchased from R&D Systems . The transfection of miR-320a-3p mimic , miR-144-3p mimic , and miR-29a-3p mimic with miRNA control -LRB- miR-NC -RRB- -LRB- GenePharma , China -RRB- were performed according to the manufacturer 's instruction using Lipofectamine 3000 reagent -LRB- Invitrogen -RRB- . The final concentration of miRNA was 20 nM . miRNA sequences are listed in Supplementary Table S2 . Plasmid construction and transfection Plasmids and RNA interference sequences are listed in Supplementary Table S2 . Full length of molecules or its mutants were amplified by PCR using primers -LRB- GenBank -RRB- . Molecules or mutants with a GFP label , HA label , or 3 × Flag label were cloned into pCDH-CMV-MCS-EF1-Puro lentiviral vector -LRB- http://www.addgene.org/ -RRB- or pcDNA TM 3.1 -LRB- + -RRB- -LRB- InvitrogenTM , V790-20 -RRB- -LSB- 13 -RSB- . The sequences of the inserts were 100 % correct . TopoIIα and β-catenin-specific shRNAs and scrambled sequence were synthesized and cloned into pLKO .1 pure vector , respectively . Lentiviruses were produced by co-transfection of a lentiviral plasmid , packing plasmids ΔR and pVSVg into HEK-293T cells . After transfection , supernatant was collected and the virus was used to infect cells . Stable lentivirus-infected cells were selected with puromycin or G418 and verified by western blot analysis . The control siRNA and siβ-catenin were synthesized at GenePharma Inc. -LRB- Shanghai , China -RRB- . The siRNA oligonucleotides were transfected into cells using X-tremeGENE HP DNA Transfection Reagent -LRB- Roche -RRB- following the manufacturer 's recommendations . The interference efficiency of siRNA was routinely assessed by western blot at 48 h after transfection . Immunohistochemistry analysis and evaluation Sections -LRB- 5 μm thick -RRB- were dewaxed , hydrated , and heated for antigen retrieval . They were blocked with hydrogen peroxide and normal goat serum , and subsequently incubated overnight with AQP1 , β-catenin , or TopoIIα . Antibodies used in this study are listed in Supplementary Table S3 . All sections were stained with 3,3 ′ - diaminobenzidinetetra-hydrochloride -LRB- DAB -RRB- -LSB- 14 -RSB- . AQP1 , β-catenin and TopoIIα were evaluated individually according to the H score system , which were based on the staining intensity and the percentage of cells stained positively . Stained tissue sections were blind reviewed by two pathologists based on a double scoring system -LRB- staining intensity multiplied by staining area -RRB- -LSB- 15 -RSB- . Staining intensity for AQP1 , β-catenin , and TopoIIα were scored as follows : 0-no staining , 1-definite but weak staining , 2-moderate staining , and 3-strong staining . The positive staining area of AQP1 and β-catenin was scored as follows : 0 -LRB- 0 % -RRB- , 1 -LRB- 1 -- 49 % -RRB- , 2 -LRB- 50 -- 75 % -RRB- , and 3 -LRB- 76 -- 100 % -RRB- , and produced a total score range of 0 -- 9 . Because the nuclear TopoIIα staining was present in a uniform intensity but to different extent , this nuclear expression was assessed by the percentage of positively nucleic-stained cells and scored on a scale of 0 or 1 . In our present study , the low and high expression of AQP1 and β-catenin were samples with score 0 -- 2 and score 3 -- 9 , respectively . Low and high expression of TopoIIα was regarded as score 0 and score 1 , respectively . Antibodies and western blot The cells or breast cancer tissues were lysed in ice-cold lysis buffer , then the lysed proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE gel , followed by transferring onto a BioTrace NT Nitrocellulose Transfer Membrane -LRB- Pall Corp. . Biolab 66485 -RRB- . Antibodies used in this study are listed in Supplementary Table S3 . Afterwards , secondary antibodies -LRB- IRDye ® 800CW -RRB- were used to incubate with the membrane . Blots were visualized using the Odyssey imaging system -LRB- Li-Cor Biosciences , Lincoln , NE , USA -RRB- . Immunofluorescence analysis Pretreated sterile coverslips were placed in the 12-well plate , then cells were plated in each well followed by 24-h incubation in the incubator . Afterwards , the cells were fixed and permeabilized before being incubating with primary antibodies overnight at 4 °C . Antibodies used in this study are listed in Supplementary Table S3 . After being washed three times with PBS , the cells were stained with the secondary antibody -LRB- Invitrogen , New York , USA -RRB- at the room temperature for 1 h in a dark box . DAPI -LRB- Solarbio , Beijing , China -RRB- was used to stain the nuclei . The fluorescence of cells was visualized with a confocal laser scanning microscope -LRB- Leica TCS SP5 -RRB- or fluorescence microscope -LRB- Carl Zeiss -RRB- . The fluorescence intensity was measured in ImageJ software -LSB- 16 -RSB- . All the immunofluorescence and microscopy experiments were performed blinded . Co-immunoprecipitation assay The co-immunoprecipitation -LRB- Co-IP -RRB- was performed essentially the same as previously described -LSB- 15 , 17 -RSB- . Briefly , breast cancer tissues or cells lysates were obtained in Co-IP lysis buffer -LRB- pH 7.4 -RRB- and gently rotated at 4 °C overnight followed by centrifuging at 12,000 rpm for 10 min . Then the supernatant was immunopurified with anti-flag M2 affinity gel -LRB- A2220 , Sigma -RRB- and eluted with flag peptides . The eluates were resuspended in sample buffer and boiled for 5 min for western blot examination . Cell lysates were gently rotated at 4 °C overnight followed by centrifuging . Nonspecific protein was removed by adding Protein A -LRB- sc-2001 , Santa cruz -RRB- , the mixture was centrifuged and the supernatant was divided into two groups by using antibodies or control IgG . Finally , the precipitates were subjected to western blot to examine the expression of target protein . MTT assay and cell ATP/viability assay Cells were seeded and incubated in 24-well plates with three replicates . At the final incubation period , viable cells were quantified using MTT . The MTT stock solution -LRB- 5 mg/ml -RRB- was added to each well . After incubated for 4 h in the incubator , medium was removed and the converted dye was solubilized with DMSO . The absorbance of the converted dye was measured at a wavelength of 570 nm -LSB- 18 -RSB- . And viable cells were also used the CellTiter-Glo luminescent cell viability assay kit -LRB- Promega , Madison , WI , USA -RRB- to measure the ATP levels as manufacturer 's description . miRNA target prediction TargetScan -LRB- http://www.targetscan.org/ -RRB- , miPDB -LRB- http://mirdb.org/cgi-bin/search.cgi -RRB- , and miRanda -LRB- http://www.microrna.org/microrna/home.do -RRB- were used to predict the candidate miRNAs may interact with 3 ′ - UTR of AQP1 . RNA extraction and quantitative real-time qPCR RNA preparation and RT-qPCR assays were assembled as described using gene-specific primers listed in Supplementary Table S4 . The total RNA was isolated from cells using Trizol reagent -LRB- Life technologies , Carlsbad , CA , USA -RRB- according to the manufacturer 's instructions . cDNA was generated by the RTase M-MLV -LRB- TaKaRa , China -RRB- as described in the manufacturer 's protocol . Quantitation of all gene transcripts was done by qPCR using SYBR Green PCR Master Mix -LRB- TaKaRa , China -RRB- , and the expression of GAPDH was used as the internal control . Fold changes were calculated using the ΔΔCt method in Microsoft Excel -LSB- 16 -RSB- . Ubiquitylation assay The cells were treated with 1 μM of MG132 -LRB- Sigma C2211 -RRB- for 6 h prior to harvesting . Then cells were washed three times with ice-cold PBS and cell resuspended with Co-IP lysis buffer -LRB- pH 7.4 -RRB- plus protease inhibitors -LRB- Roche -RRB- . Cell lysates were gently rotated at 4 °C overnight followed by centrifuging . Nonspecific protein was removed by adding Protein A -LRB- sc-2001 , Santa cruz -RRB- , the mixture was centrifuged and the supernatant was divided into two groups by using β-catenin antibodies -LRB- Abcam32572 -RRB- or control IgG . Finally , the precipitates were subjected to western blot to examine the expression of ubiquitin antibody -LSB- 17 -RSB- . Preparation of cytosol/nuclear extract and subcellular fractionation Cytoplasmic and nuclear extracts were prepared by the Nuc-Cyto-Mem Preparation Kit -LRB- P1201 , Applygen Technologies , Beijing , China -RRB- . In brief , cells were lysed by Dounce homogenization with CER buffer on ice . Then , the whole-cell lysate was centrifuged at 800 × g for 5 min at 4 °C . The pellet -LRB- nuclear component -RRB- was washed with the ice-cold NER buffer , clarified by low-speed centrifugation and collected as nuclei . The supernatant of whole-cell lysate was centrifuged at 4000 × g for 5 min at 4 °C three times and the supernatant was collected as cytoplasmic fraction . The isolated protein fractions were analyzed by western blot -LSB- 15 -RSB- . TOP/FOP flash Cells were plated on the white-bottomed 24-well plates with three replicates . Cells were serum-starved overnight and co-transfected with 0.2 μg TOP flash or FOP flash expression plasmids were a gift from Prof. Xiaoguang Liu -LRB- Department of Orthopaedics , Peking University Third Hospital , China -RRB- and 0.1 μg pRL-TK -LRB- Renilla TK-luciferase vector ; Promega Corp. -RRB- as an internal control , using X-tremeGENE HP DNA Transfection Reagent -LRB- Roche -RRB- . After 48 h , the luciferase activity was measured with the Dual-Luciferases Reporter Assay kit -LRB- Promega E1980 -RRB- according to manufacturer 's protocols . Firefly luciferase activity was normalized for transfection efficiency by dividing the results by the Renilla luciferase activity . The TOP/FOP relative fold was used as a measure of β-catenin-driven transcription . TopoGen decatenation assay TopoIIα enzymatic activity was assayed by measuring the decatenation of kinetoplast -LRB- k -RRB- - DNA -LRB- TopoGen -RRB- . A standard assay carried out in a total volume of 20 μl included 50 mM Tris HCl , pH 7.9 , 88 mM KCl , 10 mM MgCl2 , 0.5 mM EDTA , 10 mM ATP , 10 mM DTT , 100 μg / ml BSA , and 300 ng of kDNA . The reaction mixture containing TopoIIα extracted from cells was incubated at 37 °C , and the reaction was stopped by the addition of 5 μl of stop solution -LRB- 5 % SDS , 25 % Ficoll , and 0.05 % bromophenol blue -RRB- . The samples were resolved by electrophoresis at 130 V using a 1 % agarose gel in Tris-acetate-EDTA buffer with 0.5 μg / ml ethidium bromide -LRB- EB -RRB- and photographed under UV illumination -LSB- 19 , 20 -RSB- . Animal tumor transplantation and therapy The BALB/c nude mice were purchased from Nanjing model animal research center . All animal work procedures were approved by the Ethics Committee of the Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital . MDA-MB-231 or AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells were subcutaneously inoculated into the third pair of fat pads on the right side of the nude mice -LRB- female , 4 weeks old -RRB- at a density of 5 × 106 in 0.2 ml of PBS . Tumors were measured by using a caliper and were weighted . The tumor volume was calculated by : -LRB- large diameter -RRB- × -LRB- small diameter -RRB- 2/2 . Then orthotopically implanted tumors were formed . When the volume of the tumor was enough to be inoculated , MDA-MB-231 or AQP1/MDA-MB -231 tumors were randomly chosen and cut into small pieces -LRB- 2 × 2 mm -RRB- and subsequently anchored to the third pair of fat pads on the right side of new nude mice -LRB- n = 40/group -RRB- . When the average volume of tumors reached 180 mm3 , the tumor-bearing mice were randomized into treatment groups and received 8 mg/kg of EPI or 10 mg/kg of MTX -LRB- Methotrexate -RRB- via the intraperitoneal route each week , while the control group was injected with the same volume of 0.9 % NS -LRB- normal saline -RRB- . The tumor growth and tumor-bearing survival rates were monitored daily . Tumors were carefully removed from the mice , washed , and placed in cold PBS . Then the tumor was fixed with 4 % paraformaldehyde . Samples were soaked in wax , and then cut to 5-μm-thick sections with routine histological methods -LSB- 21 -RSB- . Statistical analyses The SPSS Version 20.0 software package was used for statistical analysis . Mann -- Whitney U test , ANOVA test , and χ2 test were performed for group comparisons . Correlations between two variables were evaluated by Spearman 's Rank-Correlation test or Pearson correlation analysis . Overall survival -LRB- OS -RRB- and progression-free survival -LRB- PFS -RRB- rates were assessed using the Kaplan -- Meier method , and the log-rank test was applied to compute P values . For analysis of in vitro cellular experiments , statistical significance for comparisons between groups was determined using a two-tailed Student 's t-test . All data was presented as mean ± SEM . Three independent experiments were performed . A two-sided P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant in all analysis . Results mRNA microarray combined with bioinformatics analysis and clinical analysis demonstrated that AQP1 upregulated EPI chemosensitivity In order to identify DEGs and specific pathways involved in EPI sensitivity , we applied a mRNA microarray to generate specific sets of genes at genome-wide in tumor tissues with their paired adjacent tissues from 22 IDC patients ' samples . These patients included 10 EPI sensitive and 12 EPI non-sensitive breast cancer patients according to their primary tumor cells sensitivity to EPI . First , we analyzed DEGs in IDC tissues and adjacent tissues , and DEGs in EPI sensitive group and EPI non-sensitive group , respectively . The Venn diagram showed 103 overlapped DEGs that included AQP1 , CTLA4 , ADH1A , etc -LRB- Fig. 1a -RRB- . The volcano plot , Heatmap , and cluster analysis illustrated that the expression of AQP1 was higher in the EPI sensitive group relative to the EPI non-sensitive group -LRB- Fig. 1b , c -RRB- . Then these DEGs were analyzed in Gene Set Enrichment Analysis -LRB- GSEA -RRB- , Gene Oncology -LRB- GO -RRB- , and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes -LRB- KEGG -RRB- databases . We found , a plenty of pathways and functions were significantly enriched , such as the channel activity , cell proliferation , cell migration , PI3K-Akt signaling pathway , and MAPK signaling pathway , most of these functions and pathways were mediated by AQP1 -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S1a -- e -RRB- . Therefore , these results suggested an important role of AQP1 in the upregulation of EPI chemosensitivity . Next , we analyzed 341 IDC patients with a complete clinical follow-up . We did not find any difference in clinicopathologic characteristics between CEF and non-CEF-based chemotherapy patients at the baseline -LRB- Supplementary Table S5 -RRB- . Then we analyzed the relation between the AQP1 expression and prognosis of patients treated with conventional CEF -LRB- cyclophosphamide , anthracyclines , and 5-fluorouracil -RRB- - based chemotherapy . The high expression of AQP1 indicated a longer period of OS and PFS -LRB- OS : P = 0.047 , PFS : P = 0.005 -RRB- in patients treated with CEF-based chemotherapy . However , patients with AQP1 high expression in non-CEF-based chemotherapy showed a significantly shorter period of OS and PFS -LRB- OS : P < 0.001 , PFS : P < 0.001 ; Fig. 1d -RRB- . In addition , when the 341 IDC cases were divided into the AQP1 low-expression group and the AQP1 high-expression group , we also did not find any difference between two groups in clinicopathologic characteristics at the baseline -LRB- Supplementary Tables S6 and S7 -RRB- . In the AQP1 high expression group , both OS and PFS -LRB- OS : P = 0.033 , PFS : P = 0.001 -RRB- of breast cancer patients treated with CEF regimens were significantly longer than those with non-CEF regimens , and patients with low AQP1 expression could not benefit from CEF regimens -LRB- Fig. 1e -RRB- . We further analyzed the relation between the AQP1 expression and prognosis of patients treated with CMF -LRB- cyclophosphamide , methotrexate , and 5-fluorouracil -RRB- regimens . We found that breast cancer patients with a high AQP1 expression could not benefit from CMF regimens -LRB- Fig. 1f -RRB- . Moreover , in the AQP1 high expression group , PFS -LRB- P = 0.038 -RRB- of breast cancer patients treated with CEF regimens was significantly longer than those treated with CMF regimens , and patients with the low AQP1 expression could not benefit from CEF regimens -LRB- Fig. 1g -RRB- . In CEF-based therapies , the percentage of high AQP1 expression in patients who developed recurrence or metastasis within 5 years was significantly lower than those who were progression-free within 5 years -LRB- P = 0.032 , Supplementary Fig . S2a -RRB- . However , in CMF-based therapies , there was no significant difference -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S2b -RRB- . Furthermore , we found that in CEF-based therapies , the expression of AQP1 in patients who presented disease progression -LRB- recurrence , metastasis , or death -RRB- within 5 years was lower than patients who were progression-free within 5 years -LRB- P = 0.0274 , Supplementary Fig . S2c -RRB- . Likewise , no statistical difference was observed in CMF-based therapies -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S2d -RRB- . We also applied immunohistochemical staining in another cohort of IDC patients -LRB- n = 70 -RRB- , which were divided into the EPI sensitive group -LRB- n = 33 -RRB- and the EPI non-sensitive group -LRB- n = 37 -RRB- by primary tumor cells ' sensitivity to EPI . The expression of AQP1 in the EPI sensitive group was found higher than that in the EPI non-sensitive group -LRB- P = 0.0378 ; Fig. 1h and Table 1 -RRB- . Altogether , these results demonstrated that AQP1 upregulated EPI chemosensitivity . Table 1 AQP1 expression in the EPI non-sensitive group and the EPI sensitive group . Full size table High AQP1 expression elevated EPI chemosensitivity in vitro and in vivo First , the role of AQP1 in the regulation of EPI sensitivity was validated in vitro . The endogenous AQP1 expression was detectable in mouse kidney tissues and breast cancer tissues , but it was undetectable in parental MDA-MB-231 , T47D , and MCF7 cell lines . Then , we overexpressed AQP1 in MDA-MB-231 and T47D cells and detected its exogenous expression in western blot -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S2e -- f -RRB- . Next , we detected the sensitivity of vector/MDA-MB -231 and AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells to EPI and MTX by MTT assay and ATP/viability assay , respectively . It is worth noting that AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells were more sensitive to EPI than the vector/MDA-MB -231 cells , but there was no significant difference in these cells with MTX treatment -LRB- Fig. 2a , b -RRB- . Similar results were also found in vector/T47D and AQP1/T47D cells -LRB- Fig. 2c , d -RRB- . Next , we validated the in vitro results in in vivo experiments . Figure 2e showed the timeline and treatment of the tumor xenografts mouse model . The MDA-MB-231 and AQP1/MDA-MB -231 mice groups were treated with EPI , MTX , or NS , respectively . We observed the tumor formation and survival of the mice . The EPI-treated group showed the longest survival time and the minimum xenografts in AQP1/MDA-MB -231 mice -LRB- Fig. 2f , g -RRB- , while no difference was found among the three treatments in the MDA-MB-231 mice -LRB- Fig. 2h , i -RRB- . The AQP1/MDA-MB -231 + EPI mice group had a better prognosis and smaller xenografts than the MDA-MB-231 + EPI mice group , which further confirmed that high AQP1 expression was more sensitive to EPI -LRB- Fig. 2j , k -RRB- . The representative xenografts of each group were shown in Fig. 2l . These findings together provided strong in vitro and in vivo evidence that high AQP1 expression elevates the EPI chemosensitivity . AQP1 interacted with β-catenin and patients with both high expression of AQP1 and β-catenin presented the best outcomes with the anthracycline chemotherapy We selected 1218 breast cancer patients ' RNAseq data from TCGA to further explore how AQP1 modulated EPI sensitivity . Then , the gene expression profile was divided into two groups according to the level of AQP1 . GSEA analysis showed AQP1 was involved in β-catenin binding and regulation of β-catenin import into nucleus -LRB- Fig. 3a , b and Supplementary Fig . S3a , b -RRB- . Next , we detected the expression of β-catenin in 341 IDC patients by immunohistochemistry . The clinical analysis results showed that β-catenin may not be involved in the regulation of anthracyclines sensitivity -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S3c -- f -RRB- . Then , we divided the 341 IDC patients into four subgroups -LRB- AQP1 high / β-catenin high , AQP1 high / β-catenin low , AQP1 low / β-catenin high , and AQP1 low / β-catenin low -RRB- utilizing combination analysis of AQP1 and β-catenin expression . In the AQP1 high / β-catenin high subgroup , patients who received CEF-based therapies had a better prognosis than patients treated with non-CEF-based therapies -LRB- OS : P = 0.048 , PFS : P = 0.005 ; Fig. 3c -RRB- . Similarly , the AQP1 high / β-catenin high subgroup patients who received CEF-based therapies had a longer PFS than CMF-based therapies -LRB- P = 0.046 ; Fig. 3d -RRB- . In addition , the AQP1 low / β-catenin low subgroup patients who received CEF-based therapies had a shorter OS and PFS than those treated with non-CEF regimens -LRB- OS : P = 0.008 , PFS : P = 0.034 -RRB- or CMF regimens -LRB- OS : P = 0.038 , PFS : P = 0.040 -RRB- . However , there was no significant difference in OS or PFS between AQP1 low / β-catenin high subgroup and AQP1 high / β-catenin low subgroup patients -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S4a , b -RRB- . In CEF-based therapies , AQP1 high / β-catenin high subgroup patients had the best survival outcome -LRB- OS : P = 0.026 , PFS : P = 0.005 ; Fig. 3e -RRB- . We further validated the relation between AQP1 and β-catenin . The AQP1 expression was found positively correlated with β-catenin in 341 IDC patients -LRB- Table 2 -RRB- . The western blot and serial paraffin sections analysis of IDC tissues rendered similar results -LRB- Fig. 3f and Supplementary Fig . S4c -RRB- . Our results also showed AQP1 and β-catenin co-immunoprecipitated with each other in breast cancer tissues -LRB- Fig. 3g -RRB- and Flag-AQP1 / MDA-MB-231 cells -LRB- Fig. 3h -RRB- , respectively . In addition , AQP1 and β-catenin co-localized in the cytoplasm of Flag-AQP1 / MDA-MB-231 cells and mGFP-AQP1 / MDA-MB-231 cells -LRB- Fig. 3i and Supplementary Fig . S4d , e -RRB- . AQP1 expression was found positively correlated with β-catenin in serial paraffin-embedded sections of mice tumor tissues -LRB- Fig. 3j -RRB- . As a consequence , AQP1 interacted with β-catenin in breast cancer cells , and only patients with both high expression of AQP1 and β-catenin presented the best outcomes in the anthracycline chemotherapy . Table 2 The association of AQP1 and β-catenin in IDC patients . Full size table The C-terminal tail of AQP1 and GSK3β competitively interacted with the 12 armadillo repeats of β-catenin , then inhibited β-catenin degradation Active β-catenin is an active form of β-catenin that is dephosphorylated on Ser37 or Thr41 and is not degraded by degradation complexes -LSB- 22 -RSB- . We examined the expression of β-catenin and active β-catenin in western blot and found no significant difference between the vector/MDA-MB -231 and AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Fig. 4a and Supplementary Fig . S5a -RRB- . However , the mRNA level of β-catenin was downregulated in AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Fig. 4b -RRB- . Subsequently , we used the proteasome inhibitor MG132 to examine whether AQP1 regulates the abundance of β-catenin . We found the expression of β-catenin gradually accumulated with a longer MG132 treatment time , but no significant difference was noticed between the vector/MDA-MB -231 and AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Fig. 4c , Supplementary Fig . S5b -RRB- . Next , we applied CHX -LRB- inhibitor of protein synthesis -RRB- to detect whether AQP1 affects β-catenin degradation . As Fig. 4d showed , AQP1 inhibited β-catenin degradation and the expression of β-catenin decreased to 50 % after CHX treatment needed a longer time in the AQP1 overexpression group than the control -LRB- t1/2 = 10.98 h vs t1/2 = 20.79 h ; Supplementary Fig . S5c -RRB- . We next investigated whether the AQP1-promoted β-catenin stabilization is a consequence of AQP1-catalyzed β-catenin deubiquitination . We discovered that the level of ubiquitination of β-catenin was reduced in AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Fig. 4e -RRB- . Actually , the cytoplasmic β-catenin can be efficiently captured by the destruction complex . As a member of the destruction complex , GSK3β can phosphorylate β-catenin at Ser33 , Ser37 , and Thr41 residues . Phosphorylated β-catenin is ubiquitinated to be degraded by proteasome -LSB- 23,24,25 -RSB- . Expression levels of p-β-catenin -LRB- S33/S37/T41 -RRB- , p-β-catenin -LRB- T41/S45 -RRB- , and p-β-catenin -LRB- S33/S37 -RRB- were reduced in AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells . We further examined several molecules involved in the regulation of β-catenin degradation by immunoblot analysis . However , we found no significant changes in the expression of the major components of degradation complex , including low-density-lipoprotein-related protein 6 -LRB- LRP6 -RRB- , Axin1 , and GSK3β . We also examined the expression of p-GSK3β -LRB- S9 ; the inactivated form of GSK3β -RRB- and p-GSK3β -LRB- Y216 ; the activated form of GSK3β -RRB- and did not find any significant difference -LRB- Fig. 4f and Supplementary Fig . S5d -RRB- . Consequently , overexpression of AQP1 inhibited the degradation of β-catenin via the ubiquitin-proteasome system -LRB- UPS -RRB- , without inhibiting the expression and activity of degradation complex . The C-terminal tail of AQP1 was required for the effects of AQP1 on migration and proliferation in PASMC -LSB- 26 -RSB- . Then , lentivirus-expressing Flag-labeled AQP1 fragments were transfected into MDA-MB-231 cells , which were designated as Flag-AQP1-ΔCT / MDA-MB-231 , Flag-AQP1-CT / MDA-MB-231 , and Flag-AQP1-6 × Helix-CT/MDA-MB -231 , respectively . And , the expression was detected by western blot -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S5e -RRB- . Afterwards , Co-IP experiments showed that the C-terminal tail of AQP1 interacted with β-catenin in Flag-AQP1-CT / MDA-MB-231 cells -LRB- Fig. 4g -RRB- . Immunofluorescence analysis showed similar results -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S5f , g -RRB- . Subsequently , we measured the half-life of β-catenin following inhibition of new protein synthesis by CHX . The half-life was reduced in AQP1-ΔCT / MDA-MB-231 cells and increased in AQP1-CT/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S5h -RRB- . Next , we discovered that the level of ubiquitination of β-catenin was upregulated in AQP1-ΔCT / MDA-MB-231 cells -LRB- Fig. 4h -RRB- . We further examined several molecules involved in the regulation of β-catenin degradation by immunoblot analysis in AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells and AQP1-ΔCT / MDA-MB-231 cells . It was found that β-catenin expression significantly decreased , while expression of p-β-catenin -LRB- S33/S37/T41 -RRB- , p-β-catenin -LRB- T41/S45 -RRB- , and p-β-catenin -LRB- S33/S37 -RRB- was increased in AQP1-ΔCT / MDA-MB-231 cells . We found no significant changes in the expression of LRP6 , Axin1 , GSK3β , p-GSK3β -LRB- S9 -RRB- , and p-GSK3β -LRB- Y216 -RRB- as well -LRB- Fig. 4i and Supplementary Fig . S5i -RRB- . β-catenin consists of a NH2-terminal domain , 12 armadillo repeats -LRB- 12 × arm -RRB- , and a COOH-terminal domain . The lentivirus-expressing Flag-labeled β-catenin fragments were transfected into mGFP-AQP1 / HEK-293T cells , the expression was detected by western blot -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S5j -RRB- . Subsequently , Co-IP experiments showed that it was the 12 armadillo repeats -LRB- 12 × arm -RRB- of β-catenin that specifically interacted with AQP1 -LRB- Fig. 4j -RRB- . Then these β-catenin fragments were transfected into HEK-293T cells , the expression was verified by western blot -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S5k -RRB- . Additionally , Co-IP experiments also showed that the 12 armadillo repeats -LRB- 12 × arm -RRB- of β-catenin specifically interacted with GSK3β -LRB- Fig. 4k -RRB- . Next , we performed immunoprecipitation experiments and found that overexpression of AQP1 impaired the interaction between β-catenin and GSK3β -LRB- Fig. 4l -RRB- . And , it is worth mentioning that the interaction between β-catenin and GSK3β was recovered when AQP1 lacked the C-terminal tail -LRB- Fig. 4m -RRB- . Therefore , AQP1 and GSK3β competitively interacted with the 12 armadillo repeats -LRB- 12 × arm -RRB- of β-catenin and then inhibited the degradation of β-catenin . Furthermore , we found that AQP1-ΔCT / MDA-MB-231 cells were less sensitive to EPI than AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Fig. 4n and Supplementary Fig . S5l -RRB- . Therefore , the C-terminal tail was necessary for AQP1 to upregulate the sensitivity to EPI by suppressing the ubiquitin-proteasome degradation pathway of β-catenin . AQP1-induced β-catenin nuclear translocation did not activate Wnt downstream target genes Our cytosol/nuclear separation experiments demonstrated that AQP1 overexpression promoted β-catenin nuclear import -LRB- Fig. 5a -RRB- . The immunofluorescence also showed , high expression of AQP1 promoted nuclear localization of active β-catenin -LRB- Fig. 5b -- d -RRB- . Supplementary Figure S6a -- c showed that high expression of AQP1 promoted nuclear localization of β-catenin . It was well established that nuclear β-catenin associated with members of TCF/LEF family to mediate the expression of Wnt target genes . Therefore , we applied the TOP/FOP Flash reporter to ascertain whether AQP1 affects β-catenin-TCF / LEF transcriptional activity -LSB- 25 -RSB- . Overexpression of AQP1 activated TOP-Flash reporter and increased mRNA levels of TCF4 and LEF1 -LRB- Fig. 5e , f -RRB- . When we examined the transcriptional activity of Wnt downstream target genes , such as C-myc , CCND1 , CD44 , and MMP2 , they were not increased in AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Fig. 5g -RRB- . Western blot confirmed these results -LRB- Fig. 5h -RRB- . We also conducted a correlation analysis by using the 1218 breast cancer patients ' RNAseq data from TCGA . We found that AQP1 was negatively correlated with Wnt downstream target genes , such as CCND1 , MMP9 , GBX2 , EphB , IRX3 , MET , STRA6 , SALL4 , MSL1 , and RET -LRB- Fig. 5i -RRB- . Together , these results strongly supported that AQP1-induced β-catenin nuclear translocation did not activate Wnt downstream target genes . Nuclear β-catenin interacted with TopoIIα and enhanced its activity , thereby upregulating chemosensitivity to EPI Recent studies had provided sufficient evidence that β-catenin interacted with TopoIIα and served as a novel transcriptional co-activator in colorectal cancer -LSB- 27 -RSB- . We verified the interaction between β-catenin and TopoIIα in MDA-MB-231 , AQP1/MDA-MB -231 , and MDA-MB-231 + Wnt3a cells . The immunofluorescence experiments showed that β-catenin and TopoIIα had significant co-localization in AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Fig. 6a -RRB- , and Co-IP experiments revealed similar results -LRB- Fig. 6b -RRB- . We further evaluated the correlation between the expression of β-catenin and TopoIIα in a cohort of 70 IDC patients . However , there was no significant correlation -LRB- Supplementary Table S8 -RRB- , considering that TopoIIα localized in the nucleus , and β-catenin was mainly expressed in the cytoplasm and membrane of breast cancer cells . TopoIIα is a well-recognized indicator of the ability of cell proliferation , but as one of the targets of anthracyclines , its catalytic activity associates with the sensitivity of anthracyclines -LSB- 4 , 8 -RSB- . We examined the expression and catalytic activity of TopoIIα by immunoblot assay and TopoGen decatenation assay and found that overexpression of AQP1 upregulated the activity of TopoIIα but had no significant effect on TopoIIα expression -LRB- Fig. 6c -RRB- . Next , we applied a TopoIIα activity inhibitor etoposide and found that AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells with etoposide treatment were less sensitive to EPI compared with AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Fig. 6d -RRB- . In addition , the TopoIIα expression was knocked down by five different shRNAs in MDA-MB-231 cells and AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells , respectively -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S6d , e -RRB- . We also found that shTopoIIα / AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells were less sensitive to EPI than AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells -LRB- Fig. 6e -RRB- . Thus , overexpression of AQP1 participated in the upregulation of EPI sensitivity by enhancing the activity of TopoIIα . To further verify whether AQP1 modulates TopoIIα activity and EPI sensitivity by regulating β-catenin , we knocked down β-catenin expression and overexpressed mGFP-HA-β-catenin in MDA-MB-231 and AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells , respectively -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S6f -- i -RRB- . Knocked down β-catenin reduced the sensitivity of AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells to EPI , and inhibiting the activity of TopoIIα reduced the sensitivity of AQP1 / β-catenin / MDA-MB-231 cells to EPI -LRB- Fig. 6f -RRB- . Then , we compared the activity of TopoIIα in AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells and siβ-catenin / AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells and found that knocking down β-catenin inhibited the activity of TopoIIα -LRB- Fig. 6g -RRB- . To determine the region of TopoIIα necessary for the interaction of TopoIIα with β-catenin , serial deletion mutants of TopoIIα were constructed and transfected into HEK-293T cells , and Co-IP experiments confirmed the C-terminal tail of TopoIIα interacted with β-catenin -LRB- Fig. 6h and Supplementary Fig . S6j -RRB- . Next , we constructed TopoIIα-ΔCT / shTopoIIα / AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells , which were applied to disrupt the interaction between β-catenin and TopoIIα -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S6k -RRB- . MTT assay and ATP/viability assay revealed that AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells with TopoIIα lacking a C-terminal tail had inhibited EPI sensitivity -LRB- Fig. 6i , j -RRB- . Therefore , the C-terminal tail of TopoIIα was necessary for β-catenin to regulate EPI sensitivity in AQP1/MDA-MB -231 cells . Above results showed that AQP1 promoted β-catenin nuclear translocation , and nuclear β-catenin interacted with TopoIIα and enhanced TopoIIα 's activity , thereby upregulating EPI chemosensitivity . miR-320a-3p attenuates EPI chemosensitivity by inhibiting AQP1 expression in breast cancer After demonstrating the relationship between AQP1 and anthracycline chemotherapy , we intended to apply miRNAs to regulate the expression of AQP1 , thereby regulating the sensitivity of breast cancer cells to anthracyclines . Combination analyses of three public databases -LRB- TargetScan , miRanda , and miPDB -RRB- and the verified data in published articles suggested several miRNAs potentially regulated AQP1 , including miR-320a-3p -LRB- Fig. 7a -RRB- . We downloaded the miRNA expression profile and doxorubicin sensitivity -LRB- IC50 -RRB- data of breast cancer cell lines -LRB- n = 44 -RRB- from CCLE . We then divided breast cancer cell lines -LRB- n = 44 -RRB- into the miR-320a-3p high group and the miR-320a-3p low group by using the median expression level as cutoff point . We found that miR-320a-3p expression was significantly negatively correlated with anthracyclines sensitivity -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S7a -RRB- . Next , we downloaded the miRNA and mRNA gene expression profiles of breast cancer tissues -LRB- n = 98 -RRB- from GEO -LRB- ID : GSE19783 -RRB- . The data showed that AQP1 expression was significantly negatively correlated with miR-320a-3p level in breast cancer , especially in the luminal subtype -LRB- Supplementary Fig . S7b , c -RRB- . Then we applied primary breast cancer cells from two patients and found that overexpression of miR-320a-3p reduced the expression of AQP1 -LRB- Fig. 7b -- e -RRB- . The mRNA level of AQP1 was detected by RT-qPCR , and decreased expression of AQP1 was observed in miR-320a-3p / primary breast cancer cells -LRB- Fig. 7f , g -RRB- . Furthermore , we found that overexpression of miR-320a-3p attenuated the sensitivity of primary breast cancer cells to EPI -LRB- Fig. 7h , i -RRB- . The co-localization of AQP1 and β-catenin was confirmed in primary breast cancer cells by immunofluorescence analysis -LRB- Fig. 7j -RRB- . Finally , we summarized the signaling pathways in Fig. 7k to outline our hypothesis in which the miR-320a-3p / AQP1 axis promotes the sensitivity of anthracycline chemotherapy in breast cancer . Discussion AQP1 was originally identified as a small hydrophobic integral transmembrane protein that mainly functions in trans-cellular water transport in response to osmotic gradients -LSB- 28,29,30 -RSB- . Over the past decade , increasing evidence demonstrated new functions of AQP1 : through interactions with specific proteins , it can participate in the progression of multiple cancers -LSB- 31,32,33,34,35,36 -RSB- . AQP1 can interact with Lin7 / β-catenin or FAK and regulate cancer cell migration -LSB- 37,38,39 -RSB- . Our previous study also revealed that AQP1 localized predominantly in the cytoplasm of 95 % -LRB- 324/341 -RRB- IDC patients , and the high cytoplasmic expression of AQP1 indicated a worse prognosis outcome -LSB- 3 -RSB- . The expression pattern of AQP1 in breast cancer cells suggests a possible relation between its cytoplasm localization and its function in breast cancer development . Our present study showed , through the ubiquitin-proteasome system in AQP1 overexpressed breast cancer cells , the AQP1 overexpression inhibited the degradation of β-catenin , thus promoting β-catenin accumulation in the cytoplasm . It is known that in the classical β-catenin degradation mechanism , the cytosolic β-catenin is efficiently captured and phosphorylated by the destruction complexes such as GSK3β . The phosphorylated β-catenin can be ubiquitinated by the β-TrCP ubiquitin E3 ligase to be degraded by the proteasome -LSB- 24 , 25 , 40 -RSB- . Additional proteins were identified to be involved in the β-catenin degradation process . The transcription factor specificity protein 1 -LRB- SP1 -RRB- and Yes-associated protein -LRB- YAP -RRB- can individually interact with β-catenin and both SP1 and YAP are part of the destruction complex to regulate the β-catenin stability in cancer cells -LSB- 41,42,43 -RSB- . The above evidence illustrates a complex mechanism of β-catenin degradation whose details remain to be further explored . Our study here suggests a new role of AQP1 that acts as a possible regulatory component in the β-catenin degradation pathway . As previously established , the cytoplasmic accumulation of β-catenin induced by membranous Wnt ligands stimulation could lead to β-catenin 's translocation into nucleus where the β-catenin interacted with several transcriptional co-factors such as TCF/LEF to activate the Wnt transcriptional program -LSB- 44 , 45 -RSB- . However , our present study showed that the cytoplasmic accumulation and nuclear localization of β-catenin induced by the overexpressed AQP1 in breast cancer did not activate the Wnt downstream target genes such as C-Myc , CCND1 , CD44 , and MMP2 . We also demonstrated that AQP1 and GSK3β could competitively interact with the 12 armadillo repeats of β-catenin in the inhibition of the ubiquitin-proteasome degradation pathway of β-catenin . It is plausible that this competitive interaction alters the spatial conformation or post-translational modification of the β-catenin , which may differ from that in the Wnt-stimulated pathway . In this study , we also found that miR-320a-3p inhibited AQP1 expression . Previous reports have demonstrated that miR-320 could directly target AQP1 3 ′ - UTR and negatively regulate its expression , which was consistent with our results -LSB- 46 , 47 -RSB- . Furthermore , we also revealed , for the first time , that miR-320a-3p could inhibit AQP1 expression to attenuate the EPI chemosensitivity . In conclusion , our study here suggests the usage of AQP1 as a response predictor in the anthracycline chemotherapy . The application of our study includes , but is not limited to , facilitating screening of the most appropriate breast cancer patients -LRB- who have a high AQP1 expression -RRB- for better anthracycline chemotherapy and improved prognosis purposes . References 1 . Harbeck N , Gnant M. Breast cancer . Lancet . 2017 ; 389:1134 -- 50 . 2 . Early Breast Cancer Trialists ' Collaborative G , Peto R , Davies C , Godwin J , Gray R , Pan HC , et al. . Comparisons between different polychemotherapy regimens for early breast cancer : meta-analyses of long-term outcome among 100,000 women in 123 randomised trials . Lancet . 2012 ; 379:432 -- 44 . 3 . Qin F , Zhang H , Shao Y , Liu X , Yang L , Huang Y , et al. . Expression of aquaporin1 , a water channel protein , in cytoplasm is negatively correlated with prognosis of breast cancer patients . Oncotarget . 2016 ; 7:8143 -- 54 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 4 . Mordente A , Meucci E , Martorana GE , Tavian D , Silvestrini A. Topoisomerases and anthracyclines : recent advances and perspectives in anticancer therapy and prevention of cardiotoxicity . Curr Med Chem . 2017 ; 24:1607 -- 26 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 5 . Marinello J , Delcuratolo M , Capranico G. Anthracyclines as topoisomerase II poisons : from early studies to new perspectives . Int J Mol Sci 2018 ; 19:3480 . 6 . Li XJ , Zha QB , Ren ZJ , Tang JH , Yao YF . Mechanisms of breast cancer resistance to anthracyclines or taxanes : an overview of the proposed roles of noncoding RNA . Curr Opin Oncol . 2015 ; 27:457 -- 65 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 7 . Capeloa T , Benyahia Z , Zampieri LX , Blackman M , Sonveaux P. Metabolic and non-metabolic pathways that control cancer resistance to anthracyclines . Semin Cell Dev Biol . 2020 ; 98:181 -- 91 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 8 . Nitiss JL . Targeting DNA topoisomerase II in cancer chemotherapy . Nat Rev Cancer . 2009 ; 9:338 -- 50 . 9 . Jasra S , Anampa J. Anthracycline use for early stage breast cancer in the modern era : a review . Curr Treat Options Oncol . 2018 ; 19:30 . 10 . Abiko T , Kawamura M , Izumi Y , Oyama T , Saito Y , Kobayashi K. Prediction of anti-tumour effect of thermochemotherapy with in vitro thermochemosensitivity testing for non-small cell lung cancer . Int J Hyperther . 2007 ; 23:267 -- 75 . 11 . Kawamura M , Gika M , Abiko T , Inoue Y , Oyama T , Izumi Y , et al. . Clinical evaluation of chemosensitivity testing for patients with unresectable non-small cell lung cancer -LRB- NSCLC -RRB- using collagen gel droplet embedded culture drug sensitivity test -LRB- CD-DST -RRB- . Cancer Chemother Pharmacol . 2007 ; 59:507 -- 13 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 12 . Chen H , Yang M , Wang Q , Song F , Li X , Chen K . The new identified biomarkers determine sensitivity to immune check-point blockade therapies in melanoma . Oncoimmunology . 2019 ; 8:1608132 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 13 . Gu F , Wang L , He J , Liu X , Zhang H , Li W , et al. . Girdin , an actin-binding protein , is critical for migration , adhesion , and invasion of human glioblastoma cells . J Neurochem . 2014 ; 131:457 -- 69 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 14 . Dai K , Qin F , Zhang H , Liu X , Guo C , Zhang M , et al. . Low expression of BMPRIB indicates poor prognosis of breast cancer and is insensitive to taxane-anthracycline chemotherapy . Oncotarget . 2016 ; 7:4770 -- 84 . 15 . Zhang H , Yu F , Qin F , Shao Y , Chong W , Guo Z , et al. . Combination of cytoplasmic and nuclear girdin expression is an independent prognosis factor of breast cancer . FASEB J. 2018 ; 32:2395 -- 410 . 16 . Shao Y , Chong W , Liu X , Xu Y , Zhang H , Xu Q , et al. . Alternative splicing-derived intersectin1-L and intersectin1-S exert opposite function in glioma progression . Cell Death Dis . 2019 ; 10:431 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 17 . Wang Q , Ma S , Song N , Li X , Liu L , Yang S , et al. . Stabilization of histone demethylase PHF8 by USP7 promotes breast carcinogenesis . J Clin Invest . 2016 ; 126:2205 -- 20 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 18 . Gu F , Zhang H , Qin F , Liu X , Li W , Fu L , et al. . Intersectin1-S , a multidomain adapter protein , is essential for malignant glioma proliferation . Glia . 2015 ; 63:1595 -- 605 . 19 . Bower JJ , Karaca GF , Zhou Y , Simpson DA , Cordeiro-Stone M , Kaufmann WK . Topoisomerase IIalpha maintains genomic stability through decatenation G -LRB- 2 -RRB- checkpoint signaling . Oncogene . 2010 ; 29:4787 -- 99 . 20 . Gardner L , Malik R , Shimizu Y , Mullins N , ElShamy WM. Geminin overexpression prevents the completion of topoisomerase IIalpha chromosome decatenation , leading to aneuploidy in human mammary epithelial cells . Breast Cancer Res . 2011 ; 13 : R53 . 21 . Chen L , Guo P , He Y , Chen Z , Chen L , Luo Y , et al. . HCC-derived exosomes elicit HCC progression and recurrence by epithelial-mesenchymal transition through MAPK/ERK signalling pathway . Cell Death Dis . 2018 ; 9:513 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 22 . van Noort M , Meeldijk J , van der Zee R , Destree O , Clevers H. Wnt signaling controls the phosphorylation status of beta-catenin . J Biol Chem . 2002 ; 277:17901 -- 5 . 23 . Li VS , Ng SS , Boersema PJ , Low TY , Karthaus WR , Gerlach JP , et al. . Wnt signaling through inhibition of beta-catenin degradation in an intact Axin1 complex . Cell . 2012 ; 149:1245 -- 56 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 24 . Lu L , Gao Y , Zhang Z , Cao Q , Zhang X , Zou J , et al. . Kdm2a/b lysine demethylases regulate canonical Wnt signaling by modulating the stability of nuclear beta-catenin . Dev Cell . 2015 ; 33:660 -- 74 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 25 . Zhang N , Wei P , Gong A , Chiu WT , Lee HT , Colman H , et al. . FoxM1 promotes beta-catenin nuclear localization and controls Wnt target-gene expression and glioma tumorigenesis . Cancer Cell . 2011 ; 20:427 -- 42 . 26 . Lai N , Lade J , Leggett K , Yun X , Baksh S , Chau E , et al. . The aquaporin 1 C-terminal tail is required for migration and growth of pulmonary arterial myocytes . Am J Respir Cell Mol Biol . 2014 ; 50:1010 -- 20 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 27 . Huang L , Shitashige M , Satow R , Honda K , Ono M , Yun J , et al. . Functional interaction of DNA topoisomerase IIalpha with the beta-catenin and T-cell factor-4 complex . Gastroenterology . 2007 ; 133:1569 -- 78 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 28 . Agre P , King LS , Yasui M , Guggino WB , Ottersen OP , Fujiyoshi Y , et al. . Aquaporin water channels -- from atomic structure to clinical medicine . J Physiol . 2002 ; 542:3 -- 16 . 29 . Ribatti D , Ranieri G , Annese T , Nico B. Aquaporins in cancer . Biochim Biophys Acta . 2014 ; 1840:1550 -- 3 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 30 . Papadopoulos MC , Saadoun S. Key roles of aquaporins in tumor biology . Biochim Biophys Acta . 2015 ; 1848:2576 -- 83 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 31 . Papadopoulos MC , Saadoun S , Verkman AS . Aquaporins and cell migration . Pflugers Arch . 2008 ; 456:693 -- 700 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 32 . Leggett K , Maylor J , Undem C , Lai N , Lu W , Schweitzer K , et al. . Hypoxia-induced migration in pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells requires calcium-dependent upregulation of aquaporin 1 . Am J Physiol Lung Cell Mol Physiol . 2012 ; 303 : L343 -- 353 . 33 . Saadoun S , Papadopoulos MC , Hara-Chikuma M , Verkman AS . Impairment of angiogenesis and cell migration by targeted aquaporin-1 gene disruption . Nature . 2005 ; 434:786 -- 92 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 34 . Hu J , Verkman AS . Increased migration and metastatic potential of tumor cells expressing aquaporin water channels . FASEB J. 2006 ; 20:1892 -- 4 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 35 . Hayashi S , Takahashi N , Kurata N , Yamaguchi A , Matsui H , Kato S , et al. . Involvement of aquaporin-1 in gastric epithelial cell migration during wound repair . Biochem Biophys Res Commun . 2009 ; 386:483 -- 7 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 36 . Gao L , Gao Y , Li X , Howell P , Kumar R , Su X , et al. . Aquaporins mediate the chemoresistance of human melanoma cells to arsenite . Mol Oncol . 2012 ; 6:81 -- 87 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 37 . La Porta C. AQP1 is not only a water channel : It contributes to cell migration through Lin7/beta-catenin . Cell Adh Migr . 2010 ; 4:204 -- 6 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 38 . Meng F , Rui Y , Xu L , Wan C , Jiang X , Li G. Aqp1 enhances migration of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells through regulation of FAK and beta-catenin . Stem Cells Dev . 2014 ; 23:66 -- 75 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 39 . Yun X , Jiang H , Lai N , Wang J , Shimoda LA. . Aquaporin 1-mediated changes in pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cell migration and proliferation involve beta-catenin . Am J Physiol Lung Cell Mol Physiol . 2017 ; 313 : L889 -- L898 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 40 . Kim SE , Huang H , Zhao M , Zhang X , Zhang A , Semonov MV , et al. . Wnt stabilization of beta-catenin reveals principles for morphogen receptor-scaffold assemblies . Science . 2013 ; 340:867 -- 70 . 41 . Azzolin L , Panciera T , Soligo S , Enzo E , Bicciato S , Dupont S , et al. . YAP/TAZ incorporation in the beta-catenin destruction complex orchestrates the Wnt response . Cell . 2014 ; 158:157 -- 70 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 42 . Imajo M , Miyatake K , Iimura A , Miyamoto A , Nishida E . A molecular mechanism that links Hippo signalling to the inhibition of Wnt/beta-catenin signalling . EMBO J. 2012 ; 31:1109 -- 22 . 43 . Liu B , Ma H , Liu Q , Xiao Y , Pan S , Zhou H , et al. . MiR-29b / Sp1/FUT4 axis modulates the malignancy of leukemia stem cells by regulating fucosylation via Wnt/beta-catenin pathway in acute myeloid leukemia . J Exp Clin Cancer Res . 2019 ; 38:200 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 44 . Behrens J , von Kries JP , Kuhl M , Bruhn L , Wedlich D , Grosschedl R , et al. . Functional interaction of beta-catenin with the transcription factor LEF-1 . Nature . 1996 ; 382:638 -- 42 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 45 . Molenaar M , van de Wetering M , Oosterwegel M , Peterson-Maduro J , Godsave S , Korinek V , et al. . XTcf-3 transcription factor mediates beta-catenin-induced axis formation in Xenopus embryos . Cell . 1996 ; 86:391 -- 9 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 46 . Luo L , Yang R , Zhao S , Chen Y , Hong S , Wang K , et al. . Decreased miR-320 expression is associated with breast cancer progression , cell migration , and invasiveness via targeting Aquaporin 1 . Acta Biochim Biophys Sin . 2018 ; 50:473 -- 80 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 47 . Wei WF , Zhou CF , Wu XG , He LN , Wu LF , Chen XJ , et al. . MicroRNA-221-3p , a TWIST2 target , promotes cervical cancer metastasis by directly targeting THBS2 . Cell Death Dis . 2017 ; 8:3220 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar Acknowledgements We thank Prof. Xiaoguang Liu -LRB- Department of Orthopaedics , Peking University Third Hospital , China -RRB- for providing the TOP/FOP plasmids as a gift . This work was supported by National Scientific Foundation of China -LRB- 81672636 -RRB- from Prof. Feng Gu and National Scientific Foundation of China -LRB- 81572851 -RRB- from Prof. Yongjie Ma . We also thank Ms. Claire Anderson for language editing . Author information Affiliations Department of Breast Cancer Pathology and Research Laboratory , Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital , Tianjin , China Wei Chong , Ying Shao , Li Fu & Feng Gu Tianjin 's Clinical Research Center for Cancer , Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital , Tianjin , China Wei Chong , Huikun Zhang , Zhifang Guo , Limin Yang , Xiaoli Liu , Yawen Zhao , Zhe Wang & Yongjie Ma Key Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Therapy , Tianjin , China Wei Chong , Huikun Zhang , Zhifang Guo , Limin Yang , Xiaoli Liu , Yawen Zhao , Zhe Wang & Yongjie Ma Key Laboratory of Breast Cancer Prevention and Therapy , Tianjin Medical University , Ministry of Education , Tianjin , China Wei Chong , Huikun Zhang , Zhifang Guo , Limin Yang , Xiaoli Liu , Yawen Zhao , Zhe Wang & Yongjie Ma Department of Tumor Cell Biology , Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital , National Clinical Research Center for Cancer , Tianjin , China Huikun Zhang , Zhifang Guo , Limin Yang , Xiaoli Liu , Yawen Zhao , Zhe Wang & Yongjie Ma Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics , Institute of Bioinformatics , University of Georgia , Athens , GA , USA Ming Zhang CAS Key Laboratory of Genomic and Precision Medicine , Beijing Institute of Genomics , Chinese Academy of Sciences , Beijing , China Caixia Guo Authors Wei Chong You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Huikun Zhang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Zhifang Guo You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Limin Yang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Ying Shao You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Xiaoli Liu You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Yawen Zhao You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Zhe Wang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Ming Zhang You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Caixia Guo You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Li Fu You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Yongjie Ma You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Feng Gu You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Corresponding authors Correspondence to Yongjie Ma or Feng Gu . Supplementary information Rights and permissions Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License , which permits use , sharing , adaptation , distribution and reproduction in any medium or format , as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author -LRB- s -RRB- and the source , provide a link to the Creative Commons license , and indicate if changes were made . The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article 's Creative Commons license , unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material . If material is not included in the article 's Creative Commons license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use , you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder . To view a copy of this license , visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ . About this article Cite this article Chong , W. , Zhang , H. , Guo , Z. et al. . Aquaporin 1 promotes sensitivity of anthracycline chemotherapy in breast cancer by inhibiting β-catenin degradation to enhance TopoIIα activity . Cell Death Differ -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . https://doi.org/10.1038/s41418-020-00607-9 Received15 January 2020 Revised29 July 2020 Accepted06 August 2020 Published19 August 2020 DOIhttps : / / doi.org/10.1038/s41418-020-00607-9", "url": "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41418-020-00607-9", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.9978868961334229, "Health": 1.0000087022781372}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000087022781372}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08846205264584024, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2rI92", "stitle": "High Demand for Medical Marijuana Causes Shortage in Arkansas", "seg_title_stem": "high demand for medical Marijuana Causes Shortage in Arkansas", "seg_content": "Patients are struggling to find medical marijuana in Arkansas during the coronavirus pandemic . https://bit.ly/3iRIevK", "url": "https://www.5newsonline.com/video/news/local/high-demand-for-medical-marijuana-causes-shortage-in-arkansas/527-f9a0d03a-825f-4bc6-8406-8bf0b0cb9df7", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10773229169885684, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh2xGjg", "stitle": "Microsoft Surface Duo stripped down and salaciously exposed for the camera", "seg_title_stem": "Microsoft surface duo strip down and salaciously expose for the camera", "seg_content": "Microsoft announced the Surface Duo last week -LRB- after teasing it extensively in 2019 -RRB- , but there are always new things to learn about the unique device . If you have n't already , you can check out the 35-minute press briefing Microsoft uploaded to its YouTube channel , but if you 're yearning for a look beneath the ... surface , CNET has you covered . The publication got to view a see-through model from the company . While the closed outside of the special unit could be a regular Surface Duo , that changes once you open it . Instead of the screens , you 're greeted by two glass panels that reveal the technology that 's normally covered by the displays . The left portion of the device mainly houses the bigger one of the two batteries in the Duo , while the much smaller one can be seen on the right . Microsoft says that both will charge and drain together , despite the different sizes . Below the smaller battery on the right , we can see the Snapdragon 855 and multiple custom co-processors that help with things like the Microsoft Pen and the adventurous battery setup . To enable the dual-screen functionality , Microsoft also had to funnel loads of wires through the hinge , which you can see in the top right close-up shot above . These neatly shielded connectors transfer everything from power to video and touch signals from side to side . Microsoft told the publication that this setup would last for years or at least the lifetime of the device , though it did n't say how many bends it 's rated to survive . Check out CNET 's image gallery in the source link below to get an even better look at everything that 's going on inside Microsoft 's dual-screen device , plus some neat side-by-side comparisons with other devices .", "url": "https://www.androidpolice.com/2020/08/19/microsoft-surface-duo-stripped-down-and-salaciously-exposed-for-the-camera/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TechnologyElectronics": 1.000009298324585}, "second_cat": {"TechnologyElectronics_Computers": 1.000009298324585}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08852548245345845, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh3WpVv", "stitle": "Moderate alcohol use is associated with decreased brain volume in early middle age in both sexes", "seg_title_stem": "moderate alcohol use be associate with decrease brain volume in early middle age in both sex", "seg_content": "Abstract The aim was to examine cross-sectional association between moderate alcohol consumption and total brain volume in a cohort of participants in early middle-age , unconfounded by age-related neuronal change . 353 participants aged 39 to 45 years reported on their alcohol consumption using the AUDIT-C measure . Participants with alcohol abuse were excluded . Brain MRI was analyzed using a fully automated method . Brain volumes were adjusted by intracranial volume expressed as adjusted total brain volume -LRB- aTBV -RRB- . AUDIT-C mean of 3.92 -LRB- SD 2.04 -RRB- indicated moderate consumption . In a linear regression model , alcohol consumption was associated with smaller aTBV -LRB- B = − 0.258 , p < .001 -RRB- . When sex and current smoking status were added to the model , the association remained significant . Stratified by sex , the association was seen in both males -LRB- B = − 0.258 , p = 0.003 -RRB- and females -LRB- B = − 0.214 , p = 0.011 -RRB- . Adjusted for current smoking , the association remained in males -LRB- B = − 0.268 , p = 0.003 -RRB- , but not in females . When alcohol consumption increased , total brain volume decreased by 0.2 % per one AUDIT-C unit already at 39 -- 45 years of age . Moderate alcohol use is associated with neuronal changes in both males and females suggesting health risks that should not be overlooked . Introduction Alcohol abuse is harmful to the brain , but the effects of moderate consumption , and the earliest age when the harmful effects appear , are less known . Volume changes of small parts of the brain , e.g. hippocampus1 and the ventricles2 ,3 , have been associated with moderate consumption , but the relationship of alcohol consumption and total brain volume is contradictory . Methodological differences in imaging technology and in estimating alcohol consumption may make the results difficult to compare and interpret . In addition , most previous studies of global brain values have included participants in late middle-age or old age . However , the rate of age-related brain volume does not occur in a linear fashion , but the decrease accelerates towards old age making the effect of age difficult to control in statistical analysis . Studying younger participants and groups with less age heterogeneity would be helpful . We found ten studies4 ,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13 which used volumetry , voxel-based morphometry or brain age estimates for analyzing the association of large brain structures and alcohol consumption in moderate drinkers -LRB- Table 1 -RRB- . Two of these studies included middle-aged participants in their forties to sixties4 ,5 , two mainly over 65-year-olds6 ,7 , and six report on participants of a wide age range8 ,9,10,11,12,13 . Findings in the middle-aged were conflicting . Decreased4 and increased5 volume of white matter , and increased volume of gray matter and ventricular size were associated with moderate drinking in males , but no associations were found in females . Studies of participants over 65 years found either larger6 or smaller7 whole brain volumes associated with drinking . Studies of a wider age range have found decreased volumes8 ,9,10 or no association11 ,12 with consumption . The most recent study using the UK Biobank data found an association between brain ageing and daily or almost daily consumption of alcohol , but the association was not significant in lower levels of alcohol use13 . Table 1 Previous MRI studies on moderate drinking and brain structure using volumetry , voxel-based morphometry or brain age estimates . Only studies that examined global brain structures -LRB- e.g. total brain , total gray matter , total white matter or total cerebrospinal fluid -RRB- are included . Full size table The amount to which the brain normally occupies the intracranial cavity varies considerably with age even in healthy subjects . Brain volume decreases with age in adults14 ,15 , but is most stable around the age of forty years14 . As confounding cerebrovascular and neurodegenerative conditions are also infrequent at this age , it is an optimal age to study how alcohol intake associates to brain volume . We studied the association of moderate alcohol consumption and total brain volume in a birth risk cohort aged 39 to 45 years in males and females . Methods Sample The participants were part of a consecutive cohort that initially included 1196 infants born with various birth risks in a single hospital in Helsinki between 1971 and 197416 . A total of 202 children died or had severe disabilities , e.g. cerebral palsy , blindness or Down syndrome , and were excluded from the cohort , leaving 994 participants for prospective follow-up16 ,17 . The inclusion criteria were hyperbilirubinemia -LRB- bilirubin level > 340 µmol / l or blood transfusion -RRB- , birth weight below 2000 g , Apgar score < 7 , respiratory distress requiring external ventilation , maternal diabetes , hypoglycemia -LRB- blood glucose ≤ 1.67 mmol/l -RRB- , septicemia , or severe neurological symptoms such as rigidity , apnea , hyperexitability , convulsions or prolonged feeding difficulty in the absence of other risks16 ,17 . In addition to the birth risk cohort , 164 singletons without birth risks have been followed from childhood as controls . The previous follow-up investigations were conducted at 5 , 9 , 16 , and 30 years of age both among the birth risk cohort and control participants17 . During 2014 -- 2016 , a total of 414 members of the birth risk cohort and 83 controls agreed to be re-examined . They were 39 -- 45 years old community-dwelling adults with normal school history . The follow-up assessment consisted of a neurological and a neuropsychological examination , MRI , and a 516-item questionnaire -LRB- available from18 -RRB- which also included the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test -LRB- AUDIT -RRB- 19 . A total of 393 participants had both brain MRI at a single imaging facility in Helsinki and a completed AUDIT test . We excluded 40 participants for following reasons : alcohol abuse -LRB- n = 5 -RRB- , poor quality MRI -LRB- n = 3 -RRB- , volBrain image analysis not available -LRB- n = 2 -RRB- , neurological conditions or MRI abnormalities e.g. multiple sclerosis , traumatic brain injury , ventriculomegaly , or severe white matter changes -LRB- n = 21 -RRB- , severe psychiatric problems -LRB- n = 9 -RRB- . See below for sources of information . The final sample consisted of 353 participants -LRB- 163 males and 190 females -RRB- . Of the 353 participants , 289 had a history of birth risks , including hyperbilirubinemia -LRB- n = 84 -RRB- , a low Apgar score or respiratory distress -LRB- n = 79 -RRB- , birth weight < 2000 g -LRB- n = 67 -RRB- , hypoglycemia -LRB- n = 18 -RRB- , maternal diabetes -LRB- n = 20 -RRB- , and neurological symptoms -LRB- n = 21 -RRB- . The remaining 64 participants were controls not exposed to birth risks . Demographic and health data Health and demographic data were acquired with the 516-item questionnaire filled out either online or as a mailed survey and the medical examination . Hospital and outpatient clinic discharge diagnoses -LRB- ICD-8 , ICD-9 and ICD-10 ; 1975 onwards -RRB- were collected from the Care Register for Health Care -LRB- HILMO -RRB- of the Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare20 . Purchases of reimbursed prescription drugs were obtained from the Social Insurance Institution of Finland21 . A total of 92 % of participants consented to share their registry information . Cerebrovascular events and risks , i.e. hypertension , diabetes , hyperlipidemia , high Body Mass Index , and heart disease , were identified by a neurologist -LRB- J.L. -RRB- using given history , a clinical examination , questionnaire , and registry data . Other neurological conditions , alcohol abuse and psychiatric problems were evaluated by J.L. using all the above information . Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale -- Fourth Edition22 was used to measure the full-scale IQ . Education was classified into three levels : basic education , including the obligatory 9 years , secondary , including completed high school , vocational or comparable education , which lasts typically 12 years , and higher education , e.g. university-education . Alcohol consumption The questionnaire included a Finnish translation of the AUDIT19 . AUDIT-C , a three-item short version derived from AUDIT , was used as the measure of alcohol consumption23 . AUDIT-C questions assess how often and how much one typically drinks and how frequently binge drinking occurs -LRB- range 0 -- 12 -RRB- . The second AUDIT-C question `` How many drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking ? '' includes response options ranging from 1 to 10 or more drinks . Response option 0 drinks -LRB- scored as 0 -RRB- was added to capture responses from nondrinkers . AUDIT-C scores of 3 or below in females and 4 or below in males have been used to indicate low-level drinking , scores of 5 -- 8 to indicate possibly harmful but moderate alcohol use , and scores of 9 or higher to indicate potential alcohol abuse24 ,25 . Five single-item responses were missing in AUDIT-C and were imputed with zero . Other substance use Current smoking , lifetime cannabis and illicit drug use were assessed on the questionnaire in yes/no format . Smoking status was classified as a current smoker or current non-smoker . Eight participants did not provide information on cannabis use and nine participants on lifetime illicit drug use . Thirty nine participants did not provide information on current smoking , 22 of whom had reported to be non-smokers in a questionnaire given ten years earlier . All were included as non-smokers . MRI acquisition and volumetric analysis Brain MRI scans were obtained using two 1.5 T MRI scanners -LRB- Signa ; General Electric , Milwaukee , USA -RRB- . Sequences included a T1-weighted three-dimensional structural sequence -LRB- Cube -RRB- , used for volumetric analysis . Parameters used were : time of repetition -LRB- TR -RRB- 540 ms , time to echo -LRB- TE -RRB- 9.9 ms , flip angle 90 degrees , spacing between slices 0.59 mm , pixel spacing 0.48 / 0.48 mm , slice thickness 1.2 mm , and acquisition matrix 256 × 256 . Additionally , T2-weighted fluid attenuation inversion recovery -LRB- FLAIR -RRB- , susceptibility weighted imaging -LRB- SWAN -RRB- , and either diffusion weighted imaging or 30-direction axial diffusion tensor imaging -LRB- half of all cases -RRB- sequences were performed . All scans were visually assessed by an experienced neuroradiologist -LRB- R.V. -RRB- who was blinded to clinical data and volumetric quantification . Imaging results with all sequences evaluated were , with regard to age , normal in 332 -LRB- 94 % -RRB- while 21 participants had clinically irrelevant minor abnormalities -LRB- e.g. developmental venous malformations , microbleeds , non-specific hyperintense white matter changes , or small cerebellar infarction -RRB- . Brain volume was analyzed using the fully automated MRI volumetry system volBrain26 , which analyzes 3D T1-weighted scans to calculate volumes of total brain tissue , gray matter , white matter , cerebellum , hippocampus , lateral ventricles , thalamus , caudate nucleus , putamen , globus pallidus , nucleus accumbens , and amygdala . We used the total brain volume with cerebellum and brain stem included . To control for individual differences in overall cranial size , adjusted total brain volume -LRB- aTBV -RRB- was calculated by dividing brain volume by intracranial volume and expressed as a percentage . Statistical methods Based on power calculations the required sample size to detect a regression coefficient 0.2 with 80 % power was 184 and with 95 % power 304 . Power calculations were based on simple regression analysis between alcohol consumption and aTBV assuming 5 % alpha level and using observed standard deviations AUDIT-C -LRB- SD = 2.42 -RRB- and aTBV -LRB- SD = 2.38 -RRB- which were calculated from all available cases . Power calculations were done using the G * power 3.1.9.227 . Linear regression was used to examine the association between alcohol consumption and aTBV , first unadjusted and then adjusting for covariates . Results are given as unstandardized coefficients -LRB- B -RRB- with 95 % CI . Age , sex , birth risk status , current smoking , and the neuroradiological status -LRB- normal/abnormal -RRB- were potential confounders . Those found to be associated with aTBV using ANOVA , t-tests or Pearson 's correlation were included as covariates in the adjusted model . Normal distribution of residuals and equality of variances were confirmed via visual inspection of residual plots and histograms . All tests were two-tailed . Statistical analyses were calculated using R version 3.4.428 . Standard protocol approvals , registrations , and patient consents Ethical approval was obtained from the Ethical Review Board of the Helsinki and Uusimaa hospital district -LRB- Number 147/13/3 / 00/2013 -RRB- . The participants gave written informed consent . All methods were carried out in accordance with relevant guidelines and regulations . Results Characteristics of the sample are given in Table 2 . AUDIT-C mean indicated low-level to moderate use . Ninety participants had cerebrovascular risks , but none had cerebrovascular events . Males consumed more alcohol than females , M = 4.88 -LRB- SD = 1.92 -RRB- vs. M = 3.10 -LRB- SD = 1.77 -RRB- respectively , t -LRB- 351 -RRB- = 9.073 , p < 0.001 . Smokers consumed more than non-smokers , M = 4.94 -LRB- SD = 1.99 -RRB- vs. M = 3.69 -LRB- SD = 1.98 -RRB- respectively , Welch t -LRB- 99.014 -RRB- = − 4.646 , p < 0.001 . Table 2 Sample characteristics -LRB- n = 353 -RRB- . Full size table Age did not correlate with aTBV , r = -0.013 , p = 0.805 , and aTBV did not differ between participants with scans with no -LRB- n = 332 -RRB- and with minor abnormalities -LRB- n = 21 -RRB- , M = 85.66 -LRB- SD = 2.14 -RRB- vs. M = 84.98 -LRB- SD = 2.00 -RRB- respectively , Welch t -LRB- 22.978 -RRB- = 1.486 , p = 0.151 . Therefore , age or MRI status were not included as a covariate . Also , there were no differences in aTBV between the birth risk groups -LRB- including the control group -RRB- according to the ANOVA -LSB- F -LRB- 6,346 -RRB- = 1.988 , p = 0.067 -RSB- and Tukey 's pairwise comparison test . Females had a larger aTBV than males with a mean difference of 0.63 percentage point , t -LRB- 351 -RRB- = 2.780 , p = 0.006 , and smokers had smaller aTBV compared to non-smokers with a mean difference of 0.63 percentage point , Welch t -LRB- 93.862 -RRB- = 2.088 , p = 0.040 . Therefore , sex and smoking were used as covariates . The unadjusted association of alcohol consumption and aTBV was significant with B = − 0.258 -LRB- Table 3 -RRB- . When sex and current smoking status were added to the model , the association of alcohol consumption with the aTBV remained statistically significant -LRB- see Table 3 -RRB- . When the analysis was stratified by sex -LRB- Fig. 1 -RRB- , the association was seen in both males B = − 0.258 -LRB- − 0.429 , − 0.086 -RRB- , p = 0.003 and females B = − 0.214 -LRB- − 0.379 , − 0.049 -RRB- , p = 0.011 . Adjusted for current smoking , the association was observed in males B = − 0.268 -LRB- − 0.444 , − 0.091 -RRB- , p = 0.003 , but not in females B = − 0.159 -LRB- − 0.330 , 0.011 -RRB- , p = 0.066 . Table 3 Associations between alcohol consumption -LRB- AUDIT-C -RRB- and total brain volume adjusted for intracranial volume -LRB- aTBV -RRB- . Full size table Discussion A higher amount of alcohol consumption was associated with a smaller brain volume among moderate drinkers aged 39 to 45 years . The effect persisted after adjusting for sex and smoking , and it appeared in males and females independently . A one-unit increase in AUDIT-C corresponded to approximately a 0.2 % reduction in total brain volume . Previously , the association of moderate alcohol consumption and brain volume in early middle-age has been unclear especially in females . Two previous studies found smaller total brain volume associated with moderate drinking in a combined group of males and females with a mean age of over 60 years8 ,9 . In these studies , the magnitude of the total brain volume difference between non-drinkers and moderate drinkers was approximately 1 % . These are the only findings in line with our results . Two other studies of total brain volumes have reported inconsistent findings5 ,6 . The first study of moderately drinking adults mainly around their forties and fifties found no reduction in total brain volume5 , but the sample size -LRB- n = 91 -RRB- was considerably smaller than in our study . The second study found a larger total brain volume associated with moderate drinking6 , but the participants were around 80 years of age . Small effects may be difficult to differentiate from age-related variability when the sample is small or includes elderly people . For comparison , normal age-related total brain volume decline is approximately 0.4 % per year after the age of 60 years14 ,15 , but very slow around 40 years , i.e. , in the age of our group . Brain ageing has recently been found to accelerate with daily or almost daily consumption of alcohol in a sample of participants above the age of 4513 . Interpretation of most previous studies is challenging because of small sample sizes , selection bias due to questionable recruitment methods -LRB- e.g. newspaper advertisements -RRB- , and incomplete data of concomitant conditions . Also , many of the studies use complex regression models which include a large number of covariates in the analysis , which causes concerns of over-fitting and insufficient statistical power29 . We confirmed by power calculations that we had a sufficient number of participants for analyzing aTBV at a satisfactory statistical power . The effect of alcohol use on smaller brain structures -LRB- e.g. hippocampus -RRB- has been analyzed in several studies1 . We calculated that using the same power assumptions in our volBrain analysis , including , for instance , the hippocampus would have required 1009 participants -LRB- slope = 0.0017 , SD = 0.046 -RRB- . The increasing use of open datasets and biobanks will help in achieving adequate sample sizes . Methods of estimating the amount of consumed alcohol vary between studies . Commonly used methods include the number of drinks consumed per week4 ,5 , often categorized into drinking groups6 ,7,8,9,12 , and lifetime intake in kg5 ,10,11 -LRB- Table 1 -RRB- . The AUDIT-C score measures the frequency and quantity of drinking as well as the frequency of heavy drinking occasions23 . Although they are not directly comparable , all methods give estimates of consumption which can be used in regression analysis . The current sample had a group mean indicating low-level use , comparable to the levels found in a Finnish population-based study30 . Many of the alcohol related health risks are linear31 . All cutpoints are therefore arbitrary but still often needed in clinical use . In the Finnish study , the highest specificity for heavy use -LRB- defined by 16 drinks per week in males and 10 in females -RRB- was reached with an AUDIT-C cutpoint of 9 in males and 7 in females , while cutpoints of 7 and 5 were suggested for better sensitivity30 . Others have also found scores of 9 or higher to indicate potential alcohol abuse and related health risks24 ,25 . In our sample only four individuals reported a high score . Those with confirmed abuse were excluded . Males consumed more alcohol and they also had larger brain volumes , and therefore the effect of sex was analyzed in more detail . Based on the results , the rate of change was of the same magnitude among sexes . In earlier studies , association between gray matter volume and alcohol use has been demonstrated in males10 . However , females with alcohol use disorder appear equally susceptible to alcohol related brain damage as males , e.g. in the Framingham cohort study , that included a wide range of ages and consumption levels , the association between alcohol consumption and brain volume was actually more pronounced in women than in men8 . The sex difference in susceptibility at low consumption levels or at a younger age has not been demonstrated . In the age range of our study , the existing studies have not shown unequivocal association between alcohol use and global brain volume in women5 ,10,11 . In our sample , the association was visible in both sexes , analyzed combined as well as separately . When stratified by sex , a difference was seen only in the effect of smoking status . Current smoking is associated with a decreased brain volume32 and increased brain ageing13 . Current smokers also in our study had a smaller brain volume , as compared to non-smokers . However , smokers also consumed more alcohol , which probably , at least in part , explains this result . Smoking status did not explain the association between brain volume and alcohol consumption when both sexes were included . A key strength of our study is that our participants come from a socio-economically and medically very homogenous longitudinal cohort , and they have been followed from birth . Participants were nearly the same age , resulting in minimal age-related variability which enhances the sensitivity to detect small effects . We also had previous and current medical registry data , self-reports , and a clinical examination to identify concomitant factors and exclude major conditions . None of the included participants had marked abnormalities in the four MRI sequences that were used . The imaging quality was ensured by using scans from a single facility and excluding scans with suboptimal quality . A fully automatic volumetric segmentation , unbiased by subjective user input , was used26 . Further , we refrained from analysis of the small brain structures , as sample size calculus indicated insufficient statistical power . Limitations may be caused by the cohort 's structure , the measurement of alcohol consumption , and the choice of volumetric technique . Eighty-two percent of participants had a history of a birth risk . Thus , it is not a customary population sample cohort . However , participants with severe consequences or disabilities were excluded already in childhood and aTBV did not differ between different birth risks or controls . The participants were living independently , mostly with jobs and , according to Statistic Finland33 , an education level corresponding to the general population of Finland . We think that it is very unlikely that birth risk history would affect our results . The estimates of alcohol consumption were based on self-reported typical consumption using AUDIT19 , which may be prone to under-reporting34 . However , we were able to identify and exclude excessive drinkers using the comprehensive medical data . Using volBrain for volume measurements may complicate comparison with other studies conducted with e.g. the commonly used FreeSurfer . We chose volBrain because , in our study , accurately measuring the ratio of total brain volume to intracranial volume was important . The estimated intracranial volume from FreeSurfer may be biased by total brain volume35 and also the Freesurfer manual suggests using another method for determining the intracranial volume36 . Further , volBrain is light on computing resources and the stability of brain volume in the middle age has been compellingly demonstrated using volBrain14 . Conclusions We found a direct association between moderate alcohol consumption and decreased brain volume at early middle-age in both males and females . Understanding of the mechanisms of moderate drinking on the brain is incomplete , but even moderate alcohol consumption may have a harmful effect already in middle-age . Recent systematic analysis on alcohol use and global disease burden suggests that the level of consumption that minimizes health loss is zero31 . The risk that even moderate drinking poses on the brain should not be overlooked . Data availability References 1 . Topiwala , A. et al. . Moderate alcohol consumption as risk factor for adverse brain outcomes and cognitive decline : longitudinal cohort study . BMJ 357 , j2353 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 2 . Mukamal , K. J. , Longstreth , W. T. , Mittleman , M. A. , Crum , R. M. & Siscovick , D. S. Alcohol consumption and subclinical findings on magnetic resonance imaging of the brain in older adults : the cardiovascular health study . Stroke 32 , 1939 -- 1946 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 3 . Ding , J. et al. . Alcohol intake and cerebral abnormalities on magnetic resonance imaging in a community-based population of middle-aged adults : the atherosclerosis risk in communities -LRB- ARIC -RRB- study . Stroke 35 , 16 -- 21 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . 4 . Anstey , K. J. et al. . Weekly alcohol consumption , brain atrophy , and white matter hyperintensities in a community-based sample aged 60 to 64 years . Psychosom . Med . 68 , 778 -- 785 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . 5 . de Bruin , E. A. et al. . Associations between alcohol intake and brain volumes in male and female moderate drinkers . Alcohol . Clin . Exp . Res . 29 , 656 -- 663 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . 6 . Gu , Y. et al. . Alcohol intake and brain structure in a multiethnic elderly cohort . Clin . Nutr . 33 , 662 -- 667 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 7 . Davis , B. J. K. et al. . The alcohol paradox : Light-to-moderate alcohol consumption , cognitive function , and brain volume . J. Gerontol . Biol . Sci . Med . Sci . 69 , 1528 -- 1535 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 8 . Paul , C. A. et al. . Association of alcohol consumption with brain volume in the Framingham study . Arch . Neurol . 65 , 1363 -- 1367 -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . 9 . Fukuda , K. et al. . Alcohol intake and quantitative MRI findings among community dwelling Japanese subjects . J. Neurol . Sci . 278 , 30 -- 34 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 10 . Taki , Y. et al. . Both global gray matter volume and regional gray matter volume negatively correlate with lifetime alcohol intake in non-alcohol-dependent Japanese men : a volumetric analysis and a voxel-based morphometry . Alcohol . Clin . Exp . Res . 30 , 1045 -- 1050 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . 11 . Sasaki , H. et al. . Structural and diffusional brain abnormality related to relatively low level alcohol consumption . Neuroimage 46 , 505 -- 510 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . 12 . Preti , A. et al. . Impact of alcohol consumption in healthy adults : a magnetic resonance imaging investigation . Psychiatry Res . Neuroimaging 224 , 96 -- 103 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . 13 . Ning , K. et al. . Association of relative brain age with tobacco smoking , alcohol consumption , and genetic variants . Sci . Rep. 10 , 10 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . 14 . Coupé , P. , Catheline , G. , Lanuza , E. & Manjón , J. V. Towards a unified analysis of brain maturation and aging across the entire lifespan : A MRI analysis . Hum . Brain . Mapping 38 -LRB- 11 -RRB- , 5501 -- 5518 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . 15 . Fotenos , A. F. , Snyder , A. Z. , Girton , L. E. , Morris , J. C. & Buckner , R. L. Normative estimates of cross-sectional and longitudinal brain volume decline in aging and AD . Neurology 64 , 1032 -- 1039 -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 16 . Michelsson , K. , Ylinen , A. , Saarnivaara , A. & Donner , M. Occurrence of risk factors in newborn infants . A study of 22359 consecutive cases . Ann . Clin . Res . 10 , 334 -- 336 -LRB- 1978 -RRB- . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 17 . Launes , J. et al. . Attrition in a 30-year follow-up of a perinatal birth risk cohort : factors change with age . PeerJ 2 , e480 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . 18 . Launes , J. & Hokkanen , L. PLASTICITY-study questionnaire . Zenodo https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3594674 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 19 . Babor , T. F. , Higgins-Biddle , J. C. , Saunders , J. B. & Monteiro , M. G . The alcohol use disorders identification test -LRB- World Heal Organ , Geneva , 2001 -RRB- . 20 . Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare . Care Register for Health Care -LRB- HILMO -RRB- . Register description https://www.thl.fi/en/web/thlfi-en/statistics/information-on-statistics/register-descriptions/care-register-for-health-care . -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . 21 . Social Insurance Institution of Finland . https://www.kela.fi/web/en/description-of-statistics17 . -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . 22 . Wechsler , D. WAIS-IV - Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale - IV . Pearson , Psykologien Kustannus OY Helsinki -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . 23 . Bush , K. , Kivlahan , D. R. , McDonell , M. B. , Fihn , S. D. & Bradley , K. A . The AUDIT alcohol consumption questions -LRB- AUDIT-C -RRB- : an effective brief screening test for problem drinking . Arch . Intern . Med . 158 , 1789 -- 1795 -LRB- 1998 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 24 . Harris , A. H. , Bradley , K. A. , Bowe , T. , Henderson , P. & Moos , R. Associations between AUDIT-C and mortality vary by age and sex . Popul . Health Manag . 13 , 263 -- 268 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- . 25 . Rubinsky , A.D. , Dawson , D.A. , Williams , E.C. , Kivlahan , D.R. , Bradley , K.A. AUDIT-C scores as a scaled marker of mean daily drinking , alcohol use disorder severity , and probability of alcohol dependence in a US general population sample of drinkers . Alcohol Clin Exp Res 37 , 1380 -- 1390 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . 26 . Manjón , J. V. & Coupé , P. volBrain : an online MRI brain volumetry system . Front Neuroinform . 10 , 30 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . 27 . Faul , F. , Erdfelder , E. , Buchner , A. & Lang , A. Statistical power analyses using G * Power 31 : Tests for correlation and regression analyses . Behav . Res . Methods 41 , 1149 -- 1160 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . 28 . Team RC . R : a language and environment for statistical computing . https://www.R-project.org -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 29 . Babyak , M. A . What you see may not be what you get : a brief , nontechnical introduction to overfitting in regression-type models . Psychosom . Med . 66 , 411 -- 421 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . 30 . Aalto , M. , Alho , H. , Halme , J. T. & Seppä , K. AUDIT and its abbreviated versions in detecting heavy and binge drinking in general population survey . Drug . Alcohol . Depend 1 -LRB- 103 -RRB- , 25 -- 29 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . 31 . Griswold , M. G. et al. . Alcohol use and burden for 195 countries and territories , 1990 -- 2016 : a systematic analysis for the global burden of disease study 2016 . The Lancet 392 -LRB- 10152 -RRB- , 1015 -- 1035 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 32 . Elbejjani , M. et al. . Cigarette smoking and gray matter brain volumes in middle age adults : the CARDIA brain MRI sub-study . Transl . Psychiatry 9 , 1 -- 10 -LRB- 2019 -RRB- . 33 . Statistics Finland . Educational structure of population . Findicator https://findikaattori.fi/en/9 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . 34 . Stockwell , T. et al. . Under-reporting of alcohol consumption in household surveys : a comparison of quantity-frequency , graduated-frequency and recent recall . Addiction 99 , 1024 -- 1033 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . 35 . Klasson , N. et al. . Estimated intracranial volume from FreeSurfer is biased by total brain volume . Eur Radiol Exp 2 , 24 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 36 . Fswiki . eTIV - estimated Total Intracranial Volume , aka ICV . https://surfer.nmr.mgh.harvard.edu/fswiki/eTIV Acknowledgements The study has been supported by The Social Insurance Institution of Finland -LRB- Kela -RRB- , The Diabetes Research Foundation , The Juho Vainio Foundation , The Jalmari Ahokas foundation , The Yrjö Jahnsson foundation and The Signe and Ane Gyllenberg foundation . Satu Immonen personal grants from Jenny and Antti Wihuri foundation and Yrjö Jahnsson foundation . Author information Affiliations Department of Psychology and Logopedics , Faculty of Medicine , University of Helsinki , Helsinki , Finland Satu Immonen , Jyrki Launes , Ilkka Järvinen , Maarit Virta , Nella Schiavone , Eliisa Lehto , Annamari Tuulio-Henriksson , Jari Lipsanen & Laura Hokkanen Institute of Clinical Medicine , Radiology , University of Eastern Finland , Kuopio , Finland Ritva Vanninen Department of Clinical Radiology , Diagnostic Imaging Centre , Kuopio University Hospital , Kuopio , Finland Ritva Vanninen Independent researcher , Helsinki , Finland Katarina Michelsson Authors Satu Immonen You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Jyrki Launes You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Ilkka Järvinen You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Maarit Virta You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Ritva Vanninen You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Nella Schiavone You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Eliisa Lehto You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Annamari Tuulio-Henriksson You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Jari Lipsanen You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Katarina Michelsson You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Laura Hokkanen You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Contributions S.I. and J.La . wrote the main manuscript text , S.I. prepared the tables and the figure , S.I. , J.La . and J.Li . were responsible for the statistical analyses , J.La , K.M. and L.H. designed the study . S.I. , J.La. , I.J. , N.S. , E.L. , and L.H. had major roles in acquisition of the data . J.La. , M.V. , R.V. , AM.T. , J.Li. , and L.H. had roles in interpreting the data . All authors reviewed the manuscript for intellectual content . Corresponding author Correspondence to Laura Hokkanen . Rights and permissions Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License , which permits use , sharing , adaptation , distribution and reproduction in any medium or format , as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author -LRB- s -RRB- and the source , provide a link to the Creative Commons licence , and indicate if changes were made . The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article 's Creative Commons licence , unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material . If material is not included in the article 's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use , you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder . To view a copy of this licence , visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ . About this article", "url": "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-020-70910-5", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.028301315154606647, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh3dr64", "stitle": "D-Y returns to Cape Cod Babe Ruth championship", "seg_title_stem": "d-y return to Cape Cod Babe Ruth championship", "seg_content": "SOUTH YARMOUTH - Colin Pate struck out four over five innings of relief , and Dennis-Yarmouth returned to the Cape Cod Senior Babe Ruth championship with a 10-7 win against Sandwich on Monday at Red Wilson Field . D-Y -LRB- 10-5-1 -RRB- , the No. 1 seed after regular-season champion Gateway-Tabor dropped out , will be back at home for the championship Wednesday at 5 p.m. . The defending league champion will face Gateway , which beat Lower Cape 3-2 in the other semifinal . JJ Campbell led the way at the plate for D-Y , hitting 2-for-3 including a two-run hit for a 10-3 lead . Henry Machnik went the first two innings for D-Y before Pate took over . Team Cape Cod loses to , then ties PNJ : Jackson Reed plated two runs in the first game and Andrew Nordman drove in two in the second as Team Cape Cod left Worcester State University with a loss and a tie against the PNJ All-Stars on Sunday . Team Cape Cod lost the first game 9-6 but came back to tie the second 2-2 . Joey Morrison drew a bases-loaded walk in the fifth inning of the first game , leading to a four-run frame for TCC -LRB- 25-7-3 -RRB- . Reed followed with a two-run single , then Morrison scored on a passed ball . Vinny DiGiacomo and Morrison also walked in the seventh inning before Kevin Carrera 's grounder led to an error that produced two runs . Cam Taubert took the loss on the mound , allowing seven earned runs on nine hits , two walks and two strikeouts over four innings . Jagger Bryant allowed two unearned runs over the final two innings , walking one and striking out three . Jake Berger doubled and scored on Nordman 's double to get TCC on the board in the fourth inning of the nightcap . The duo teamed up again in the sixth , as Berger singled and scored on Nordman 's single . Zach Rogers struck out four over two clean innings for TCC in the second game . Magnus Orava gave up one hit and struck out three in his three innings of work . Team Cape Cod will finish its season at the Firecracker Tournament , which begins Wednesday at Greater Lawrence Tech in Andover .", "url": "https://dennis.wickedlocal.com/sports/20200819/d-y-returns-to-cape-cod-babe-ruth-championship", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006622204541823622, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh3zAMv", "stitle": "Lawmakers to discuss marijuana market Wednesday", "seg_title_stem": "lawmaker to discuss marijuana market Wednesday", "seg_content": "MONTPELIER , Vt. -LRB- WCAX -RRB- - A group of Vermont lawmakers are expected to meet about an act on regulating cannabis Wednesday . Legalizing marijuana and coming up with a regulated marketplace has been a conversation in Vermont for years . A coalition of nonprofits and businesses is opposing the current bill . They say S. 54 fails to include local families and small businesses and does not give equal opportunity for Black people to thrive in the industry . They want lawmakers to reject the bill and work with organizations , communities of color and small businesses to come up with legislation .", "url": "https://www.wcax.com/2020/08/19/lawmakers-to-discuss-marijuana-market-wednesday/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9630092978477478, "Society": 0.9975988864898682}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9630092978477478, "Society_Advocacy": 0.9975988864898682}, "third_cat": {"Society_Advocacy_Other": 0.9975988864898682}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07469178025444749, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh44QAe", "stitle": "Welcome Raiders take runner-up finish in county Babe Ruth U8 rookie tournament", "seg_title_stem": "welcome Raiders take runner-up finish in county Babe Ruth U8 rookie tournament", "seg_content": "The Welcome Raiders finished second in the Davidson County Babe Ruth U8 rookie tournament . Team members are -LRB- front row , from left -RRB- Cullen Markland , Braxton Everhart , Jacob Darr , Gabe Kirkman ; -LRB- second row -RRB- Corbin Markland , Easton Clinard , Wade Myers , Camden Koontz ; -LRB- third row -RRB- left to right Jackson Spivey , Wesson Pope ; -LRB- back row -RRB- coaches Brandon Markland , Jamie Clinard , Justin Spivey .", "url": "https://www.the-dispatch.com/story/sports/youth/2020/08/19/welcome-raiders-take-runner-up-finish-babe-ruth-u-8-tournament/3393131001/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.8183878660202026}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 0.8183878660202026}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 0.8183878660202026}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08323070302251168, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh44R3N", "stitle": "Hasty Wildcats win Babe Ruth U10 Boys Minor tournament", "seg_title_stem": "hasty wildcat win Babe Ruth U10 Boys Minor tournament", "seg_content": "The Hasty Wildcats won the Davidson County Babe Ruth U10 Boys Minor tournament . Team members are -LRB- front row , from left -RRB- Aaron Eller-Gaines , Govani Flores , Jaxson Saintsing , Brayden Graves , Jayden Nguyen ; -LRB- middle row -RRB- Logan Hill , Gavin Knox , Emilio Santillan , Dawson Roseberry , Braylen Orellana ; -LRB- back row -RRB- coaches Brad Saintsing , Jonathan Knox , Johnathan Graves", "url": "https://www.the-dispatch.com/story/sports/youth/2020/08/19/hasty-wildcats-win-u-10-minors-tournament/3393590001/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.029446592808335982, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh4D3Le", "stitle": "Eight arrested in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis", "seg_title_stem": "eight arrest in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis", "seg_content": "SIOUX FALLS , S.D. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- An investigation into sex trafficking at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally has resulted in the arrest of eight men in South Dakota . U.S. Attorney Ron Parsons has announced that two of the men had been arrested on charges of attempting commercial sex trafficking of a minor . Six others were arrested for attempting to entice a minor using the internet . The investigation was conducted by both federal and South Dakota law enforcement officers and operated for the entire duration of the 10-day rally . The annual event was expected to draw at least 250,000 people to western South Dakota . Arrested were : Robert Lee Goodwill , Jr. , 20 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Cody Wayne Hopkins , 29 , Montgomery , PA -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Michael Ray Hudson , 32 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Travis John McDonald , 28 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet William Nicholas Riley , 60 , Sturgis , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Kevin William Clements , 22 , Claysville , PA -- Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Darren Wilber Harrison , 25 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Christopher Covey Dale Truax , 33 , Rapid City , SD -- Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet The Agencies involved in the operation were DCI , HSI , the U.S. Attorney 's Office , Rapid City Police Department , and the Pennington County Sheriff 's Office . The cases are being federally prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Sarah B. Collins .", "url": "https://www.gowatertown.net/eight-arrested-in-sex-trafficking-investigation-at-sturgis/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11534074752117017, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'nipple': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh4E9bn", "stitle": "Breast cancer can be inherited through gene mutations", "seg_title_stem": "breast cancer can be inherit through gene mutation", "seg_content": "While millions of people are breast cancer survivors , it remains one of the most common cancers affecting women . Regardless of the high survival rate of breast cancer , I often hear misconceptions or myths about the disease . In this day and age of online information , it 's easy to get bombarded by what I often refer to as `` Dr. Google . '' It 's important to have the facts and dispel common myths surrounding breast cancer . -- Myth No. 1 : You 'll get breast cancer only if you have a family history . Breast cancer can not be inherited , but a higher risk of developing it can be inherited through gene mutations . Only 5 percent to 10 percent of cancers are from inherited gene mutations , and about 85 percent of women who are diagnosed with breast cancer do not have a family history of this disease . If you have a strong family history of cancer , genetic testing can identify your risk for certain types of cancer , including breast and ovarian . The testing provides information and the opportunity not only to reduce the risk of cancer , but also to save lives . Detecting cancer early is one of the most important things people can do to protect their health and significantly increase the chances of successful outcomes . -- Myth No. 2 : If you are diagnosed with breast cancer , you must have your breasts removed . A breast cancer diagnosis does not automatically result in a mastectomy . Most women diagnosed with breast cancer will need some form of surgery as part of their treatment , but it will vary with each case . Some women need removal of a small piece of breast tissue -LRB- lumpectomy -RRB- , while others will need one or both breasts removed , and possibly lymph nodes . The type and stage of the cancer will determine the need for a mastectomy . Your breast surgeon and you will determine what type of surgery is best for you . -- Myth No. 3 : Lumps in your breasts means you have breast cancer . In truth , there are many conditions that may cause breast lumps , and for women under 30 , lumps are typically benign -LRB- non-cancerous -RRB- . Additionally , it 's important to pay attention to other less-known symptoms of breast cancer , including change in breast size , shape or color ; nipple color change , nipple retraction and/or discharge ; dimpled skin near the breast ; an underarm lump ; and isolated pain . If you experience any unusual pain or change in your breast , you should consult a physician . While these are common symptoms of breast cancer , changes in your breasts can also indicate other non-cancerous conditions . If you need to further investigate , the Breast Center with Midland Health can provide you the services necessary to give you answers . Myth No. 4 : Breast cancer only affects women . Breast cancer is more common in women ; however , men can also be diagnosed . About 1 in 1,000 men will be diagnosed with breast cancer in his lifetime . It was estimated in 2018 , that about 2,500 new cases of invasive breast cancer would be diagnosed in men , and nearly 500 men would die from breast cancer . Breast cancer can have a huge impact on the lives of those diagnosed and their families , but with regular screenings and advanced technology and treatments , more people than ever are surviving this disease . Early detection saves lives . Dr. Phillip Chae is with Texas Oncology -- Allison Cancer Center .", "url": "https://www.lmtonline.com/news/health_and_wellness/article/Breast-cancer-can-be-inherited-through-gene-15493540.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11534074752117017, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'nipple': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh4GNoI", "stitle": "Breast cancer can be inherited through gene mutations", "seg_title_stem": "breast cancer can be inherit through gene mutation", "seg_content": "While millions of people are breast cancer survivors , it remains one of the most common cancers affecting women . Regardless of the high survival rate of breast cancer , I often hear misconceptions or myths about the disease . In this day and age of online information , it 's easy to get bombarded by what I often refer to as `` Dr. Google . '' It 's important to have the facts and dispel common myths surrounding breast cancer . -- Myth No. 1 : You 'll get breast cancer only if you have a family history . Breast cancer can not be inherited , but a higher risk of developing it can be inherited through gene mutations . Only 5 percent to 10 percent of cancers are from inherited gene mutations , and about 85 percent of women who are diagnosed with breast cancer do not have a family history of this disease . If you have a strong family history of cancer , genetic testing can identify your risk for certain types of cancer , including breast and ovarian . The testing provides information and the opportunity not only to reduce the risk of cancer , but also to save lives . Detecting cancer early is one of the most important things people can do to protect their health and significantly increase the chances of successful outcomes . -- Myth No. 2 : If you are diagnosed with breast cancer , you must have your breasts removed . A breast cancer diagnosis does not automatically result in a mastectomy . Most women diagnosed with breast cancer will need some form of surgery as part of their treatment , but it will vary with each case . Some women need removal of a small piece of breast tissue -LRB- lumpectomy -RRB- , while others will need one or both breasts removed , and possibly lymph nodes . The type and stage of the cancer will determine the need for a mastectomy . Your breast surgeon and you will determine what type of surgery is best for you . -- Myth No. 3 : Lumps in your breasts means you have breast cancer . In truth , there are many conditions that may cause breast lumps , and for women under 30 , lumps are typically benign -LRB- non-cancerous -RRB- . Additionally , it 's important to pay attention to other less-known symptoms of breast cancer , including change in breast size , shape or color ; nipple color change , nipple retraction and/or discharge ; dimpled skin near the breast ; an underarm lump ; and isolated pain . If you experience any unusual pain or change in your breast , you should consult a physician . While these are common symptoms of breast cancer , changes in your breasts can also indicate other non-cancerous conditions . If you need to further investigate , the Breast Center with Midland Health can provide you the services necessary to give you answers . Myth No. 4 : Breast cancer only affects women . Breast cancer is more common in women ; however , men can also be diagnosed . About 1 in 1,000 men will be diagnosed with breast cancer in his lifetime . It was estimated in 2018 , that about 2,500 new cases of invasive breast cancer would be diagnosed in men , and nearly 500 men would die from breast cancer . Breast cancer can have a huge impact on the lives of those diagnosed and their families , but with regular screenings and advanced technology and treatments , more people than ever are surviving this disease . Early detection saves lives . Dr. Phillip Chae is with Texas Oncology -- Allison Cancer Center .", "url": "https://www.mysanantonio.com/news/health_and_wellness/article/Breast-cancer-can-be-inherited-through-gene-15493540.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11979141631559419, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh4KBe6", "stitle": "Deaf filmmaker uses vibrating suit to ` feel ' music", "seg_title_stem": "deaf filmmaker use vibrate suit to ` feel ' music", "seg_content": "Filmmaker Chase Burton uses a vibrating suit that lets him `` feel '' rather than hear sounds . Made by Not Impossible Labs , it 's a new way of experiencing music -- for both deaf and hearing audiences .", "url": "https://www.koamnewsnow.com/i/deaf-filmmaker-uses-vibrating-suit-to-feel-music/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.8855611681938171}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.8855611681938171}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4367396903034099, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'prostate': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh4L9vg", "stitle": "Segregation analysis of the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T variant in multiple families suggests a pathogenic role in breast and ovarian cancer predisposition", "seg_title_stem": "segregation analysis of the brca2 c. 9227g > t variant in multiple family suggest a pathogenic role in breast and ovarian cancer predisposition", "seg_content": "Abstract Classification of variants in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes has a major impact on the clinical management of subjects at high risk for breast and ovarian cancer . The identification of a pathogenic variant allows for early detection/prevention strategies in healthy carriers as well as targeted treatments in patients affected by BRCA-associated tumors . The BRCA2 c. 9227G > T p. -LRB- Gly3076Val -RRB- variant recurs in families from Northeast Italy and is rarely reported in international databases . This variant substitutes the evolutionary invariant glycine 3076 with a valine in the DNA binding domain of the BRCA2 protein , thus suggesting a high probability of pathogenicity . We analysed clinical and genealogic data of carriers from 15 breast/ovarian cancer families in whom no other pathogenic variants were detected . The variant was shown to co-segregate with breast and ovarian cancer in the most informative families . Combined segregation data led to a likelihood ratio of 81,527:1 of pathogenicity vs. neutrality . We conclude that c. 9227G > T is a BRCA2 pathogenic variant that recurs in Northeast Italy . It can now be safely used for the predictive testing of healthy family members to guide preventive surgery and/or early tumor detection strategies , as well as for PARP inhibitors treatments in patients with BRCA2-associated tumors . Introduction Next to the hurdle of the bioinformatics processing of huge amount of sequencing data , the clinical interpretation of sequence variants has become the most recent challenge of next generation sequencing -LRB- NGS -RRB- approaches . Efforts are currently underway within international consortia such as the Evidence-based Network for the Interpretation of Germline Mutant Alleles -LRB- ENIGMA -RRB- to order and standardize a variety of methods that foster variants of uncertain significance -LRB- VUS -RRB- towards a benign or pathogenic classification . While pathogenic variants of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes account for about one fourth of all breast and ovarian cancer families1 , VUS are the result of a smaller fraction of all tests -LRB- 2 -- 20 % -RRB- 2,3 and can not be used for identification of predisposed family members as long as their clinical relevance is clearly defined . In particular , predictive testing within families is only recommended for variants with a probability of pathogenicity higher than 95 % -LRB- i.e. class 4 and 5 according to a widely used 5-tiered classification -RRB- 4 . In the absence of a pathogenic variant , healthy subjects of high risk families need to be managed according to the specific family history of the disease . Probabilities of pathogenicity for variants occurring in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes were previously calculated based on variant location within splicing consensus sequences5 or cross-species evolutionary conservation of each aminoacid positon6 . These estimates were calibrated against large clinical data sets to generate a priori probabilities of pathogenicity -LRB- reviewed in7 -RRB- , thus providing a hint for identification of those variants that might deserve further investigation . On the other hand , it has been suggested that additional proofs , relying on `` direct evidences '' 8 , are necessary to reach a final -LRB- posterior -RRB- probability that fosters the variant from class 3 , including VUS4 , to one of the extreme classes . Using the multifactorial likelihood model , several types of data sources can contribute to variant classification , including family history of cancer , co-occurrence -LRB- in trans -RRB- with known pathogenic variants , breast cancer histopathological features and segregation9 . Breast cancer histopathology provides little predictive power for BRCA2 variants , as BRCA2-associated and non-hereditary breast tumors display largely overlapping morphological and biochemical parameters10 . Similarly , co-occurrence with proven pathogenic variants is strongly predictive of neutrality . Conversely , in the absence of pathogenic variants , it provides scant evidence for a classification towards pathogenicity . Therefore , at present , the analysis of segregation of the variant with disease within families remains one of the most powerful and robust method to achieve a successful classification for class 3 BRCA2 variants11 . Results and discussion During the molecular analysis of BRCA1/2 genes in more than 6,000 breast and/or ovarian cancer patients , we identified 15 families -LRB- 0.25 % -RRB- carrying the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T variant . All families were selected according to criteria approved by the Veneto Region and largely overlapping to those currently used in European countries -LRB- see `` Methods '' section for details -RRB- . Most of the families carrying the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T variant showed typical BRCA2 tumor spectra with frequent bilateral breast tumors , early age at first breast cancer diagnosis , and presence of ovarian cancer in more than half of them -LRB- Table 1 -RRB- . Table 1 Characteristics of families carrying the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T. Full size table Based on family histories of breast and ovarian cancer , a high probability of occurrence of a BRCA1 or BRCA2 pathogenic variant was obtained in most of the families -LRB- Table 1 -RRB- . In spite of these predictions , neither clearly pathogenic variants nor other VUS were identified in addition to the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T in any of these families . Although screening of BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes was performed by different technical approaches over the time , it always included the complete coding sequence as well as all exon -- intron boundaries of both genes , thus minimizing the possibility that pathogenic variants in BRCA1 or located in cis to the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T variant might have been missed . Since the analysis included only the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes , the presence of pathogenic variants in other high/moderate predisposition genes could not be excluded . Glycine 3076 amino acid is an invariant position across twelve species from Pan troglodytes to Strongylocentrotus purpuratus -LRB- see `` Methods '' section for the complete list of species -RRB- . Comparison of the composition , polarity and molecular volume of glycine vs. valine , highlights a moderate physicochemical difference corresponding to a Grantham distance12 of 109 . Using Align-GVGD13 ,14 , a widely used in silico prediction tool , the combination of these features assigns this aminoacid substitution to category C65 , which includes the most likely deleterious changes . Glycine 3076 is located within the oligonucleotide binding-3 motif -LRB- OB-3 -RRB- of a larger domain specifically involved in ssDNA binding15 . Altogether these data strongly favour a likely functional relevance of the p. -LRB- Gly3076Val -RRB- substitution . According to previous estimates6 , these observations provide a 0.81 a priori probability of pathogenicity . The DNA binding motif is the most characterized functional domain of the BRCA2 protein and has been implicated in the homologous recombination activity necessary for the repair of DNA double strand breaks . The relevance of the domain is emphasized by the high density of pathogenic missense variants mapping to this motif . Accordingly , using a homology-directed DNA break repair -LRB- HDR -RRB- functional assay , Guidugli et al. 16 showed that 18 of 33 -LRB- 54 % -RRB- VUS located in this domain displayed an impaired ability to repair an I-Sce1-induced DNA double strand break . In particular , when challenged by this method , p. -LRB- Gly3076Val -RRB- showed an in vitro phenotype overlapping to those of pathogenic variants16 . Using the classification guidelines from the American College of Medical Genetics -LRB- ACMG -RRB- 17 , data derived from well-established functional studies provide a strong evidence of pathogenicity -LRB- PS3 category -RRB- . This feature , combined with the absence of the c. 9227G > T variant in control populations -LRB- PM2 -RRB- , and with the in silico evidence of pathogenicity -LRB- PP3 -RRB- , would move the variant to class 4 -LRB- likely pathogenic -RRB- . However , it has to be noted that different functional assays , though extremely powerful in some contexts , can lead to inconsistencies depending on the specific experimental conditions . Moreover , they often lack proper validation in terms of sensitivity and specificity . While efforts are currently in progress within the ENIGMA consortium to derive rules to include functional assays results into the multifactorial likelihood model18 , at present further evidences are advisable to derive a final probability of pathogenicity to confidently support clinical management decisions . We therefore evaluated segregation of c. 9227G > T in a total of 25 additional family members from 10 of the 15 families . Likelihood scores were calculated by means of a co-segregation algorithm specifically designed for the evaluation of BRCA1 and BRCA2 class 3 variants19 . In addition to genotypes , this method makes use of age of onset -LRB- with penetrance used as a function of age -RRB- of first and second breast cancer as well as ovarian cancer . Based on the assumption of independence of all sources of evidence that are integrated into the multifactorial likelihood method , `` family history '' data were not used further in the analysis . Co-segregation likelihood ratios are reported in Table 1 for families with at least 2 family members genotyped . Very similar results were obtained when the most informative families were evaluated by an alternative full likelihood Bayes factor algorithm11 -LRB- data not shown -RRB- . A combined likelihood ratio of 81,527:1 was obtained from the integration of all family scores , generating a probability of pathogenicity higher than 99.9 % , that definitely assigns this variant to class 5 . Segregation of c. 9227G > T with disease was nearly complete , with few exceptions . In family 873/987 the proband 's maternal cousin was negative for c. 9227G > T and developed a lobular carcinoma in situ -LRB- LCIS -RRB- at age 55 -LRB- Fig. 1 -RRB- . LCIS , however , has gradually moved from a rare form of breast cancer to a `` marker '' of increased cancer risk and it is commonly referred to as `` lobular neoplasia '' . As such , it is not usually taken into consideration in computer modelling of mutation probability ; accordingly , it was excluded from the calculation of the segregation likelihood ratio -LRB- i.e. this subject was treated as a healthy one -RRB- . In contrast , three phenocopies in family 72 , 219 and 2848 were included in score calculations . These three patients were third degree relatives of the closest carrier , with 1 -- 2 healthy subjects interposed , and at least two of them had a positive family history in the alternative parental branch . Because of the genealogic distance from the proband , likelihood ratios were only marginally lowered by these data and remained in favour of pathogenicity in each of these families . Considering all carrier family members , mean age at first breast and ovarian cancer were 48 and 60 years , respectively , consistent with those reported for BRCA2 pathogenic variants20 . Similarly , the ratio of breast to ovarian cancer was in line with what expected for a pathogenic variant falling outside of the breast cancer cluster region -LRB- BCCR -RRB- and the ovarian cancer cluster region -LRB- OCCR -RRB- 21 . Among the other tumors anecdotally reported as part of the BRCA2 spectrum , an ampulla of Vater carcinoma occurred in a carrier from family 1579 . Increased risk of gallbladder and bile duct tumors were initially observed among BRCA2 carriers22 . Interestingly , recent data apparently reinforce the association of the BRCA2 gene to this specific tumor type23 ,24 . Considering the rarity of the tumor it might represent a good predictor of pathogenicity for BRCA2 variants , especially when associated with a family history of breast and/or ovarian and/or pancreatic cancer . Renal cell cancers were observed in three subjects from independent families , two of whom were obliged carriers of the BRCA2 variant . Though a role for BRCA2 has been suggested in the kidney embryonic development of the zeppelin zebrafish mutant25 ,26 , renal cancer is only sporadically reported among BRCA2 carriers . Therefore , unless of a variant-specific effect , the cases reported here remain a descriptive observation . With four entries in the ClinVar database27 during the last 16 years -LRB- record VCV000126203 .3 , accessed on July 10 , 2020 -RRB- , the c. 9227G > T variant has never been reported in international population databases such as `` The Genome Aggregation Database '' -LRB- https://gnomad.broadinstitute.org/ -RRB- , thus suggesting a geographically limited distribution with a higher prevalence in the Veneto Region of Italy . This observation has important implications for sequence variants classification , as the power of segregation analysis increases with the number of families studied . While benign classification of commonly identified variants is more easily achieved by laboratories with a high throughput -LRB- the large amount of tests increases the probability of identification of a co-occurrence with pathogenic variants -RRB- , local laboratories might retain a higher classification power for specific variants with a peculiar geographical distribution . Of note , the proband of family 1579 developed an invasive ductal breast cancer at age 31 that progressed to a metastatic disease four years later . She was therefore proposed a BRCA test in the context of a large clinical trial to apply for a PARP-inhibitor treatment . The BRCA test was centralized outside our Institute ; she turned out to be a carrier of the c. 9227G > T `` variant of uncertain significance '' and she was therefore excluded from the trial . This emphasizes the different consequences related to the inability to classify a VUS . Indeed , while in a family context this failure implies that all at risk subjects need to be `` included '' into tailored surveillance strategies , based on their family history , this inability can represent an `` exclusion '' criterion from specific treatments for the patient . Importantly , the list of BRCA-associated tumors that can benefit from PARP inhibitors treatment is rapidly growing and it now includes : metastatic Her2-negative breast cancer , metastatic pancreatic cancer and metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer , in addition to high grade ovarian cancers28 . In conclusion , our data demonstrate that the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T variant co-segregates with disease in multiple families and shows a phenotypic expression falling within the classical BRCA2-associated spectrum . These findings , combined with in silico predictions as well as functional impairment of the DNA double strand break repair , provide definitive evidence for pathogenicity , thus reliably moving the variant to class 5 -LRB- definitely pathogenic -RRB- . The BRCA2 c. 9227G > T variant can therefore be safely used in families to identify predisposed family members and to guide risk-reducing surgery as well as strict surveillance strategies . Concurrently , patients carrying the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T variant can benefit from targeted treatments of PARP-inhibitors sensitive tumors . Methods Sequence variants are described according to HGVS nomenclature guidelines -LRB- https://varnomen.hgvs.org/ -RRB- and the BRCA2 Refseq NM_000059 .3 . Families were identified during the molecular analysis of BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes offered to patients with personal and/or family history of breast and/or ovarian cancer according to selection criteria approved from the Veneto Region . Briefly , referral criteria included -LRB- a -RRB- a personal history of either of the following : breast cancer before age 36 , bilateral breast cancer before age 50 , male breast cancer , breast and ovarian cancer in the same patient , triple negative breast cancer -LRB- i.e. negative for estrogen receptor , progesterone receptor , and HER2 -RRB- before age 60 , high grade ovarian cancer ; or -LRB- b -RRB- a family history including : -LRB- i -RRB- two first degree relatives with bilateral breast cancer and/or breast cancer before age 50 or -LRB- ii -RRB- three first degree relatives affected by breast and/or ovarian and/or pancreatic cancer . The search for pathogenic variants was carried out on DNA extracted from peripheral blood . Direct sequencing , either Sanger sequencing or NGS -LRB- Illumina MiSeq platform -RRB- , was used for the vast majority of the probands . Major genomic rearrangements were analysed by multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification -LRB- MLPA -RRB- or NGS-based approaches -LRB- Sophia DDM , Sophia Genetics -RRB- . Only the specific variant under study was tested in the other family members . In silico predictions were performed by means of the Align-GVGD program13 ,14 , freely available at https://agvgd.hci.utah.edu/ . Calculations were made using the largest number of alignments including the following species : Homo sapiens , Pan troglodytes , Macaca mulatta , Rattus norvegicus , Canis familiaris , Bos taurus , Monodelphis domestica , Gallus gallus , Xenopus laevis , Tetraodon nigroviridis , Fugu rubripes , and Strongylocentrotus purpuratus . All procedures were in accordance with the ethical standards of the 1964 Helsinki declaration and its later amendments . Probands and family members who were tested for the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T explicitly agreed to participate to the research project and signed an informed consent . All experimental protocols were approved by the Ethics Committee of the Veneto Institute of Oncology IOV . Probabilities to identify a pathogenic variant were computed using the breast and ovarian analysis of disease incidence and carrier estimation algorithm -LRB- BOADICEA -RRB- 29 . Current age , gender , age of onset of the first and second breast cancer , age of onset of ovarian cancer and genotype of members of families carrying the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T variant were used to calculate likelihood ratios of the variant to be pathogenic vs. neutral using an approach previously described for BRCA1 and BRCA2 variant co-segregation analysis19 . Families with the highest pathogenicity likelihood were double-checked using an alternative full likelihood Bayes factor approach available at https://analyze.myvariant.org/cosegregation-analysis11 . The overall likelihood was derived by the product of the likelihood ratios over the independent families . References 1 . Antoniou , A. C. & Easton , D. F. Models of genetic susceptibility to breast cancer . Oncogene 25 , 5898 -- 5905 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 2 . Eccles , D. M. et al. . BRCA1 and BRCA2 genetic testing -- pitfalls and recommendations for managing variants of uncertain clinical significance . Ann . Oncol . 26 , 2057 -- 2065 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 3 . Eggington , J. M. et al. . A comprehensive laboratory-based program for classification of variants of uncertain significance in hereditary cancer genes . Clin . Genet . 86 , 229 -- 237 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 4 . Plon , S. E. et al. . Sequence variant classification and reporting : recommendations for improving the interpretation of cancer susceptibility genetic test results . Hum . Mutat . 29 , 1282 -- 1291 -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 5 . Vallée , M. P. et al. . Adding in silico assessment of potential splice aberration to the integrated evaluation of BRCA gene unclassified variants . Hum . Mutat . 37 , 627 -- 639 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . 6 . Tavtigian , S. V. , Byrnes , G. B. , Goldgar , D. E. & Thomas , A. Classification of rare missense substitutions , using risk surfaces , with genetic - and molecular-epidemiology applications . Hum . Mutat . 29 , 1342 -- 1354 -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 7 . Lindor , N. M. et al. . A review of a multifactorial probability-based model for classification of BRCA1 and BRCA2 variants of uncertain significance -LRB- VUS -RRB- . Hum . Mutat . 33 , 8 -- 21 -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 8 . Goldgar , D. E. et al. . Genetic evidence and integration of various data sources for classifying uncertain variants into a single model . Hum . Mutat . 29 , 1265 -- 1272 -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . 9 . Goldgar , D. E. et al. . Integrated evaluation of DNA sequence variants of unknown clinical significance : Application to BRCA1 and BRCA2 . Am . J. Hum . Genet . 75 , 535 -- 544 -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 10 . Spurdle , A. B. et al. . Refined histopathological predictors of BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation status : a large-scale analysis of breast cancer characteristics from the BCAC , CIMBA , and ENIGMA consortia . Breast Cancer Res . 16 , 3419 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . 11 . Rañola , J. M. O. , Liu , Q. , Rosenthal , E. A. & Shirts , B. H . A comparison of cosegregation analysis methods for the clinical setting . Fam . Cancer 17 , 295 -- 302 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 12 . Grantham , R. Amino acid difference formula to help explain protein evolution . Science 185 , 862 -- 864 -LRB- 1974 -RRB- . 13 . Tavtigian , S. V. et al. . Comprehensive statistical study of 452 BRCA1 missense substitutions with classification of eight recurrent substitutions as neutral . J. Med . Genet . 43 , 295 -- 305 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 14 . Mathe , E. et al. . Computational approaches for predicting the biological effect of p53 missense mutations : a comparison of three sequence analysis based methods . Nucleic Acids Res . 34 , 1317 -- 1325 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 15 . Yang , H. et al. . BRCA2 function in DNA binding and recombination from a BRCA2-DSS1-ssDNA structure . Science 297 , 1837 -- 1848 -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . 16 . Guidugli , L. et al. . A classification model for BRCA2 DNA binding domain missense variants based on homology-directed repair activity . Cancer Res . 73 , 265 -- 275 -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 17 . Richards , S. et al. . Standards and guidelines for the interpretation of sequence variants : a joint consensus recommendation of the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics and the Association for Molecular Pathology . Genet . Med . 17 , 405 -- 424 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . 18 . Guidugli , L. et al. . Assessment of the clinical relevance of BRCA2 missense variants by functional and computational approaches . Am . J. Hum . Genet . 102 , 233 -- 248 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 19 . Mohammadi , L. et al. . A simple method for co-segregation analysis to evaluate the pathogenicity of unclassified variants ; BRCA1 and BRCA2 as an example . BMC Cancer 9 , 211 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . 20 . Kuchenbaecker , K. B. et al. . Risks of breast , ovarian , and contralateral breast cancer for BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutation carriers . JAMA 317 , 2402 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 21 . Rebbeck , T. R. et al. . Association of type and location of BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations with risk of breast and ovarian cancer . JAMA 313 , 1347 -LRB- 2015 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 22 . Breast Cancer Linkage Consortium . Cancer risks in BRCA2 mutation carriers . JNCI J. Natl. Cancer Inst . 91 , 1310 -- 1316 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . 23 . Aburjania , N. , Truskinovsky , A. M. , Overman , M. J. & Lou , E. Ampulla of Vater adenocarcinoma in a BRCA2 germline mutation carrier . J. Gastrointest . Cancer 45 , 87 -- 90 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . 24 . Pinto , P. et al. . Analysis of founder mutations in rare tumors associated with hereditary breast/ovarian cancer reveals a novel association of BRCA2 mutations with ampulla of Vater carcinomas . PLoS ONE 11 , e0161438 -LRB- 2016 -RRB- . 25 . Drummond , B. E. & Wingert , R. A. Scaling up to study brca2 : the zeppelin zebrafish mutant reveals a role for brca2 in embryonic development of kidney mesoderm . Cancer Cell Microenviron . 5 , e1630 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . 26 . Kroeger , P. T. et al. . The zebrafish kidney mutant zeppelin reveals that brca2/fancd1 is essential for pronephros development . Dev . Biol . 428 , 148 -- 163 -LRB- 2017 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 27 . Landrum , M. J. et al. . ClinVar : improving access to variant interpretations and supporting evidence . Nucleic Acids Res . 46 , D1062 -- D1067 -LRB- 2018 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar 28 . Madariaga , A. , Bowering , V. , Ahrari , S. , Oza , A. M. & Lheureux , S. Manage wisely : poly -LRB- ADP-ribose -RRB- polymerase inhibitor -LRB- PARPi -RRB- treatment and adverse events . Int . J. Gynecol . Cancer 30 , 903 -- 915 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . 29 . Lee , A. J. et al. . Boadicea breast cancer risk prediction model : updates to cancer incidences , tumour pathology and web interface . Br . J. Cancer 110 , 535 -- 545 -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . CAS Article Google Scholar Acknowledgements Author information Affiliations Immunology and Molecular Oncology Unit , Veneto Institute of Oncology IOV-IRCCS , Padua , Italy Simona Agata , Silvia Tognazzo , Elisa Alducci , Laura Matricardi , Lidia Moserle & Marco Montagna Oncology Unit , Local Health and Social Care Unit ULSS8 Berica , Montecchio Maggiore , Italy Daniela Barana Authors Simona Agata You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Silvia Tognazzo You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Elisa Alducci You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Laura Matricardi You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Lidia Moserle You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Daniela Barana You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Marco Montagna You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Contributions M.M. : study design , data analysis and writing of the manuscript . S.A. : BRCA1/2 screening ; L.Mo. , L.Ma. : genotyping of the c. 9227G > T variant and data collection ; E.A. , S.T. , D.B. : oncogenetic counselling and patients recruitment ; all authors reviewed and approved the manuscript . Corresponding author Correspondence to Marco Montagna . Rights and permissions Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License , which permits use , sharing , adaptation , distribution and reproduction in any medium or format , as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author -LRB- s -RRB- and the source , provide a link to the Creative Commons license , and indicate if changes were made . The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article 's Creative Commons license , unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material . If material is not included in the article 's Creative Commons license and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use , you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder . To view a copy of this license , visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ . About this article Cite this article Agata , S. , Tognazzo , S. , Alducci , E. et al. . Segregation analysis of the BRCA2 c. 9227G > T variant in multiple families suggests a pathogenic role in breast and ovarian cancer predisposition . Sci Rep 10 , 13987 -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-70729-0 Received28 April 2020 Accepted20 July 2020 Published19 August 2020 DOIhttps : / / doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-70729-0", "url": "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-020-70729-0", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.9999912977218628, "Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11979141631559419, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh4ROIi", "stitle": "Deaf filmmaker uses vibrating suit to ` feel ' music", "seg_title_stem": "deaf filmmaker use vibrate suit to ` feel ' music", "seg_content": "Filmmaker Chase Burton uses a vibrating suit that lets him `` feel '' rather than hear sounds . Made by Not Impossible Labs , it 's a new way of experiencing music -- for both deaf and hearing audiences .", "url": "https://www.crossroadstoday.com/i/deaf-filmmaker-uses-vibrating-suit-to-feel-music/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.8855611681938171}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.8855611681938171}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.018051405971376007, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh4cXfs", "stitle": "Voters pass referendum banning recreational marijuana on Marco Island", "seg_title_stem": "voter pass referendum ban recreational marijuana on Marco Island", "seg_content": "MARCO ISLAND , Fla. -- Voters passed a referendum on Tuesday night banning recreational marijuana on Marco Island . The vote passed with almost 69 % against recreational marijuana . The referendum prohibits the cultivation , manufacturing , distribution and sale of recreational marijuana within the city limits . Marco Island still does not have a medical marijuana dispensary on the island . If residents need medical marijuana , they have to get it delivered or drive to Bonita Springs . Make It Legal Florida wants recreational marijuana on the 2022 ballot . As of right now , the Florida supreme court has n't signed off on it .", "url": "https://nbc-2.com/news/local/2020/08/19/voters-pass-referendum-banning-recreational-marijuana-on-marco-island/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006869727556199788, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh4dHlH", "stitle": "Here 's where marijuana tax revenue has gone in Massachusetts", "seg_title_stem": "here 's where marijuana tax revenue have go in Massachusetts", "seg_content": "This article first appeared on the Boston Business Journal 's website . As fiscal 2020 drew to a close in June , Massachusetts marked a milestone : $ 122 million in tax revenue had been collected in the first two fiscal years of recreational cannabis sales . Where has that money gone ? According to a Business Journal analysis of state data , the money has supported a variety of state and local needs , from town operations to the MBTA . The funds come from a 20 % tax on recreational cannabis , implemented on all non-medical sales since the first recreational stores opened in November 2018 . The tax includes a 6.25 % sales tax , a 10.75 % excise tax , and local option tax for cities and towns up to 3 % . Here 's a breakdown of how much in cannabis taxes has been recorded , and how that money so far has been spent . Sales taxes : $ 38.16 million Sales tax funding totaled $ 8.11 million in fiscal 2019 and $ 30.05 million in fiscal 2020 , according to comptroller data released by the state . According to the Department of Revenue , sales tax from marijuana , along with regular sales tax revenue , is deposited into the state 's General Fund as well as the MBTA and School Building Authority funds . Excise tax : $ 65.63 million Excise tax revenue totaled $ 13.95 million in fiscal 2019 , and $ 51.68 million in fiscal 2020 , according to comptroller data . By law , excise tax revenue , along with any cannabis fines and fees , to go the Marijuana Regulation Fund . Since that fund started collecting revenue in fiscal 2018 , it has collected $ 113 million . According to state law , the Legislature can appropriate that funding to support the Cannabis Control Commission or five other areas , two of which focus on economic equity and initiatives to benefit people living in communities disproportionately impacted by the war on drugs . The law also allows the Legislature to allocate money to public and behavioral health , public safety and municipal police training . Spending from the fund in fiscal 2019 and 2020 , obtained through a public records request and current through July , $ 78.8 million has been spent to date . The vast majority of that spending -- $ 53.8 million -- was allocated to the state Division of Alcoholism Administration . Another $ 20.7 million was used to pay for the Cannabis Control Commission . Local option tax - $ 18.28 million As of July , 46 municipalities in Massachusetts had at least one recreational marijuana dispensary open for business , according to Cannabis Control Commission data . Those communities can collect up to a 3 % local tax on recreational marijuana sales , and reported $ 3.89 million in local tax revenue in fiscal 2019 and $ 14.39 million in fiscal 2020 , according to comptroller data . There is no database of where this money goes -- individual municipalities determine how the funding is spent . The Massachusetts Municipal Association said it does not track marijuana local option sales tax allocations . However , a review of one of the first towns to have recreational marijuana may provide a clue of how the funding has been allocated across the state : Northampton , where New England Treatment Access was one of the first recreational marijuana dispensaries to open in the state in November 2018 , has collected just over $ 2.6 million in local option excise taxes since NETA opened . That funding , much like local option taxes on meals and hotels/motels , supports the city 's $ 100 million general fund , which supports both city departments and schools . `` Northampton does not earmark this 3 % excise tax for specific spending , '' said Mayor David Narkewicz in an email . Sales tax revenue does not include the `` community impact fee '' that towns can collect from marijuana operators , which is another 3 % fee on gross sales to mitigate costs the city or town incurs as a result of the marijuana business . In Northampton , that translated to another $ 2.6 million in fees , which has gone to road improvements , sidewalk construction , on-street parking , crosswalks , and more . The city is in the process of designing more road system improvements to the street adjacent to the dispensary and said it will likely use community impact fund payments to fund it .", "url": "https://www.masslive.com/marijuana/2020/08/heres-where-marijuana-tax-revenue-has-gone-in-massachusetts.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.0000030994415283}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 1.0000030994415283}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08081564682177692, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh4yj6S", "stitle": "Think Big Or Go Home : Cannabis , Music and Creativity", "seg_title_stem": "think Big or Go Home : Cannabis , Music and Creativity", "seg_content": "Think BIG was born as a cannabis company , but soon mutated into something grander : a brand , an organization and a social movement . Founded by entrepreneur Willie Mack and CJ Wallace , the son of late rap artist `` The Notorious B.I.G. '' Christopher Wallace , Think Big encompasses a team of like-minded people fighting for cannabis legalization , criminal justice reform and economic restitutions for communities most harmed by the war on drugs . `` It 's something way bigger than I could have imagined , now , honestly , '' says Wallace , looking back at the last two years since the project launched . Wallace and Mack joined Benzinga 's own Javier Hasse on the virtual stage at the Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference on Tuesday . Cannabis and Social Justice : Willie Mack said that Think Big started as an idea for a brand that ultimately grew into a conversation about cannabis ' healing potential . Since the plant 's prohibition disproportionately affected black and brown communities throughout history , the organization also shifted its mission in an effort to build an equitable and fair industry . Mack and Wallace started a coalition with former NFL player Marvin Washington , the Marijuana Policy Project , the Minority Cannabis Business Association , Last Prisoners Project and Autism Speaks in order to take those ideas into action . In March of this year , the coalition traveled to Albany , New York state 's capital , to meet with Governor Cuomo 's office and state legislators . The goal was to lobby for equitable laws and ways of implementing a legal industry in the state that takes action to build a fair environment for communities most affected by cannabis law enforcement . ` The Frank White Story ' : Frank White was one of The Notorious B.I.G 's rap aliases , and has carried significant emotional value for his son CJ throughout his life . This prompted him to give the name a new meaning and make it his own personal brand . `` Frank White is everything for me . It 's my passion project , my love for fashion , my love for media , it 's gon na be everything , '' said CJ Wallace . Under the Frank White label , Wallace is launching a House tribute to his father 's music , and will soon launch CBD and hemp derived consumer products , as well as an apparel and accessory line , health and wellness products , content and more music . `` Cannabis , music , fashion , entertainment , it 's the brand that consumers connect to . It celebrates creativity and cannabis ' ability to get to a creative place , '' adds Mack .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17147839/think-big-or-go-home-cannabis-music-and-creativity", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8955350794390993, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'flaunt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh580ym", "stitle": "6 Times 2NE1 Dara Flaunts Her Fashion Sense While Traveling", "seg_title_stem": "6 Times 2NE1 Dara flaunt she fashion sense while travel", "seg_content": "2NE1 Dara is commonly known for her ageless beauty and her taste for fashion . The mid-thirties K-pop idol is one of Korea 's style icons . Her iconic 2NE1 hairstyle made her unforgettable even after the group 's disbandment . Although she is no longer active in a girl group , Dara is consistently updating her fans through her Instagram account . Part of updating her fans is showing off some photos of her travel goals , of which she never failed to exhibit her style . Here are seven times Dara flaunts her fashion sense while fulfilling her bucket list of travel destinations . Dara at Singapore View this post on Instagram Good morning Singapore #GetItBeautyOnTheRoad A post shared by Sandara Park -LRB- @daraxxi -RRB- on May 6 , 2018 at 8:14 pm PDT Dara 's trip to Singapore is one of the travel goals that she shared to fans on Instagram . In one of her posts , she was seen wearing a violet , floral , off-shoulder dress that exhibits her exuding beauty together with her free-flowing hair . Dara at Clarke Quay View this post on Instagram #갬성 #싱가폴출장중 Dara in #SGday7 A post shared by Sandara Park -LRB- @daraxxi -RRB- on May 10 , 2018 at 7:24 am PDT The brown hat matched with a classic printed women 's polo Dara wore while in Clarke Quay looks refreshing and cool . It is perfect for those who love to roam around the place without giving much attention to one 's look . Dara at Switzerland View this post on Instagram 첫 셀프 헤메 in 스위스 . 메이크업 + 똥머리 성공쓰 ?! Hair & Make up by Dara in Switzerland A post shared by Sandara Park -LRB- @daraxxi -RRB- on May 19 , 2018 at 1:42 pm PDT Dara 's trip to Switzerland was documented through her instagram . She had the chance to flaunt her fashion sense while fulfilling her travel goals . Although the cold destination may limit visitors to show their glam with fashion , Dara still took the chance . Her rolled bandana headband gave her a chic look . Dara at Paris , France View this post on Instagram Sacai A post shared by Sandara Park -LRB- @daraxxi -RRB- on Jun 23 , 2018 at 7:32 am PDT Dara 's Paris outfit gave her both a chic and fresh look . A white laced jacket coupled with a white laced pencil skirt was a massive craze among fashion enthusiasts . She paired it with a white pointed stiletto and a summer sunglasses which she gracefully carried through . Dara at New York View this post on Instagram Thom Browne A post shared by Sandara Park -LRB- @daraxxi -RRB- on Jun 23 , 2018 at 3:32 pm PDT Dara attended the Thome Browne event in New York , and she flaunted a classy corporate look every corporate girl would love . Her white inner shirt is paired with a striped blazer , and a black straight-fitted pant was ideally added with a black sunglasses , a red sling bag , and a high-heeled pair of sandals . Dara in France View this post on Instagram Kenzo A post shared by Sandara Park -LRB- @daraxxi -RRB- on Jun 24 , 2018 at 6:11 pm PDT Another of Dara 's travel goals where she flaunted her excellent fashion sense is when she wore a floral long-sleeve mini dress coupled with a yellow bag and boots while on streets . A lot of her followers were stunned and said that they would wear one if given a chance . In one of her interviews , Dara also mentioned that she likes to visit various places , and part of her bucket list is Greece , Egypt , and Africa . Although she is currently busy with her career in South Korea , fans ca n't wait to see her flaunt her amazing fashion while traveling sense once the pandemic is over !", "url": "https://www.kpopstarz.com/articles/294394/20200819/6-times-2ne1-dara-flaunts-her-fashion-sense-while-traveling.htm", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.026091043683279306, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5CHen", "stitle": "The 1 Aurora Cannabis Number You Ca n't Trust", "seg_title_stem": "the 1 Aurora Cannabis Number you can not Trust", "seg_content": "Marijuana is projected to be one of the fastest-growing industries this decade . With tens of billions of dollars being sold annually in the North American black market , it might be only a matter of time before illicit consumers begin moving toward legal channels in select U.S. states and in Canada . To date , two-thirds of U.S. states have waved the green flag on cannabis in some capacity . Canada was the first industrialized country to legalize weed for adult use back in October 2018 . If there 's one thing high-growth industries are good at , it 's attracting investment dollars . Perhaps no marijuana stock has done a better job of that than Alberta-based Aurora Cannabis -LRB- NYSE : ACB -RRB- . The complete package ? On paper , Aurora Cannabis looks like a bit of a dream stock . It 's slated to be one of the top cultivators in Canada and has been regularly outproducing its peers . Although Canopy Growth is a bit secretive about its output , Aurora is transparent , having produced 36,207 kilos of cannabis in the fiscal third quarter ended in March . At this pace , Aurora would deliver around 145,000 kilos of marijuana each year , with other growing facilities waiting in the wings to be ramped up . That 's another key point of the Aurora allure : the size of the company 's cultivating facilities . The Aurora Sky facility is a roughly 800,000-square-foot facility that 's up and running . Aurora Nordic 2 in Denmark and Aurora Sun in Alberta chime in with 1 million square feet and 1.62 million square feet of growing space respectively . Though construction at Aurora Nordic 2 and Aurora Sun is on hold , the potential to use economies of scale to Aurora 's advantage could push cash cost to produce per gram of dried cannabis sold well below the $ 0.85 Canadian -LRB- $ 0.64 U.S. -RRB- reported in the fiscal third quarter . Aurora 's investor following is also attracted to the company 's international ties . Whether through production , partnerships , research , or exports , Aurora has access to approximately two dozen markets outside of Canada . Mind you , this also includes the U.S. market following the acquisition of cannabidiol -LRB- CBD -RRB- - based product developer Reliva . But you ca n't believe everything you see when it comes to Aurora Cannabis . Do n't be duped by Aurora 's book value There 's one number that diligent investors are bound to come across during their research , and to put things plainly , it 's highly misleading . I 'm talking about Aurora Cannabis ' book value . Generally speaking , growth investors do n't pay a whole lot of attention to book value , as they 're more focused on sales growth and the push toward positive earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation , and amortization -LRB- EBITDA -RRB- . But with Aurora Cannabis having fallen more than 90 % in the past 17 months , some have suggested that Aurora is a value stock based on its price-to-book value . Based on the company 's reverse-split-adjusted book value of CA$ 35.80 -LRB- $ 27.15 U.S. -RRB- , Aurora is currently trading at roughly 37 % of its fiscal Q3 shareholder equity . Bargain , right ? Not so fast . Many of the figures that went into calculating Aurora 's shareholder equity might as well be plucked from thin air ; there 's little guarantee that they will hold up over time . It 's unlikely , for instance , that CA$ 2.42 billion in goodwill is going to be recouped at some point in the future . This CA$ 2.42 billion accounts for more than half of the company 's total assets , with approximately CA$ 2 billion of this goodwill derived from Aurora 's acquisition of MedReleaf in July 2018 . Without beating around the cannabis bush , the MedReleaf deal was the worst acquisition in cannabis ' admittedly short history . MedReleaf 's 55,000-square-foot Markham facility was part of five smaller grow farms that Aurora Cannabis recently shuttered to conserve its capital and lower costs . Meanwhile , the 1-million-square-foot Exeter greenhouse that was recently sold was never retrofitted for its projected 105,000 kilos of annual marijuana output . This means Aurora ponied up CA$ 2.64 billion in an all-stock deal for just a 210,000-square foot production facility capable of 28,000 kilos a year in output and a handful of MedReleaf 's proprietary brands in return . There 's no chance Aurora is going to recoup CA$ 2 billion in goodwill from this deal , leading me to believe that somewhere around three-quarters of its existing goodwill could eventually be written down . The company will also have to deal with revaluing its property , plant , and equipment . Remember , since the end of March , it sold the Exeter facility for roughly a third of what MedReleaf paid for it in April 2018 and announced that it would be closing five of its smaller grow farms . That 's six of its 15 facilities now off the grid , with two of its largest projects in limbo due to regulatory issues in Canada . There 's absolutely no way that Aurora 's property , plant , and equipment are worth anywhere close to the CA$ 1.05 billion value they held on March 31 . Even the company 's intangible assets and/or inventory could face a future impairment . New store openings in Ontario may provide a path for Aurora to sell down its more than CA$ 251 million in cannabis inventory as of March 31 . But we 've consistently witnessed more production than demand for multiple quarters . That 's a recipe for a writedown . You might see a marijuana stock that 's trading at 37 % of its book value . I see a company whose book value absolutely ca n't be trusted as a viable metric .", "url": "https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/08/19/the-1-aurora-cannabis-number-you-cant-trust/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07286947226531931, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5GVct", "stitle": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office Warns Of Sex Offender Phone Scam", "seg_title_stem": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office warn of sex offender phone scam", "seg_content": "This phone scam that is currently going around the Texas Panhandle is hitting local registered sex offenders . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office in a statement said that an individual calling registered sex offenders and claiming to be a sergeant with a local sheriff 's office . The phone scam tells the victims they have warrants and are required to submit a DNA sample . The victim is then told a random amount of money to put on a pre-paid card to avoid being arrested . All of the calls have originated from a number with the local 806 area code . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office says it will never call anyone with outstanding warrants to request money and anyone receiving a call of this nature should not send money in any form to the caller . Report any of these phone scam calls to the Randall County Sheriff 's Office at 806-468-5800 .", "url": "https://mix941kmxj.com/randall-county-sheriffs-office-warns-of-sex-offender-phone-scam/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02348898393656091, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5Hvuo", "stitle": "WW-P Babe Ruth 13s All-Star Team Fights Hard As it Falls in Southern New Jersey State Tourney", "seg_title_stem": "ww-p Babe Ruth 13 All-Star Team fight hard as it fall in Southern New Jersey State Tourney", "seg_content": "SMOOTH STROKE : Travis Petrone of the West Windsor-Plainsboro all-star team shows his hitting form last Friday in the Southern New Jersey Babe Ruth 13-year-old state tournament at Bacon Field in Hopewell . Outfielder/pitcher Petrone helped the WW-P squad battle hard as it fell 7-3 to Nottingham on Friday and 8-5 to Ewing/Hopewell a day later to get knocked out of the double-elimination competition . -LRB- Photo by Frank Wojciechowski -RRB- When the West Windsor-Plainsboro all-star squad fell behind 5-0 to Nottingham in the second inning of the opener at the Southern New Jersey Babe Ruth 13-year-old state tournament last Friday evening , it could have thrown in the towel . Instead , WW-P battled back , scoring three runs in the top of the fifth to narrow the gap to 5-3 in the game played at Bacon Field in Hopewell . After Nottingham responded with two runs in the bottom of the sixth , WW-P got runners on first and third in the top of the seventh but the rally fizzled as it ended up falling 7-3 . `` It was nice that the kids hung in there , '' said WW-P manager Jason Petrone , whose roster included Princeton residents Eddie Kuczysnski , Michael Prete , Ben Walden , Alex Winters , and Travis Petrone . `` We have n't had a lot of time to practice here but some of the kids play a lot of baseball with some travel teams . '' Petrone 's son , Travis , who came on to pitch in the third inning in relief of starter Bennett Siegel , helped keep WW-P in the game with a solid mound effort . `` Travis was throwing some strikes , dropping it off and mixing it up a little bit , '' said Petrone . `` He is efficient and he almost made it through four innings . It was time to take him out , the meat of their order was coming up the second time around . '' Utilizing some aggressive baselining to take advantage of some walks by the Nottingham reliever , WW-P pushed across three runs in the top of the fifth . `` We finally got a hit that inning , '' said Petrone . `` They changed pitchers and walked a couple of guys ; the kids got a little excited . '' While WW-P never scored again , it got some exciting play from center fielder Winters and shortstop Will Carter . `` Alex showed good hustle out there , he has grown a few inches and is growing into his legs a little bit , '' added Petrone . `` He is a good ballplayer . Will Carter made some good plays . He got our first hit of the game and he came in and shut them down when we needed him to after Travis was kind of worn out . '' Even though the loss left WW-P with its back to the wall in the double-elimination competition , Petrone was unfazed . `` We will look forward to coming back out tomorrow ; hopefully we will come out with a little more energy , '' said Petrone . A day later , WW-P showed energy as it faced Ewing/Hopewell in an elimination game , jumping out to a 3-0 lead in the top of the first with Walden contributing an RBI single . Ewing/Hopewell answered with three runs in the bottom of the first but then WW-P regained the lead on a two-run double Prete in the fourth . Winters and Prete each had singles later in the game but WW-P did n't plate any more runs as Ewing/Hopewell pulled away to an 8-5 win . While Petrone would have liked to have seen his team post some wins in the tourney , he knows that just getting the chance to compete was a plus for his players . `` The kids love to play baseball and it is just nice to be able to do this in this summer with the craziness of it all , '' said Petrone . `` They get together and can enjoy this weekend . ''", "url": "http://www.towntopics.com/wordpress/2020/08/19/ww-p-babe-ruth-13s-all-star-team-fights-hard-as-it-falls-in-southern-new-jersey-state-tourney/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9992793202400208}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 0.9992793202400208}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 0.9992793202400208}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.14380299701726978, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5Kt2j", "stitle": "A tip for gardeners : Naked Ladies are not the same", "seg_title_stem": "a tip for gardener : naked Ladies be not the same", "seg_content": "Q : I am confused about plants called Naked Lady Lily . Some are listed as Amaryllis belladonna , but other catalogs list them as Lycoris squamigera . Can you sort this out ? Fred Pittenger , email A : They are both commonly called naked lady lily , but they are different plants . The Amaryllis is not common in North Georgia because it is often damaged by cold weather . The Lycoris is much more hardy . If you are not sure which pink flower you are seeing , the Lycoris has six petals that are unequally spaced around the bloom , with a noticeable gap between the bottom two petals . Also , it never produces seeds after the flower fades . This situation of there being two different plants called the same name is why we have botanical Latin to differentiate them ! Q : I 'm having a problem with small ants on my figs as they ripen . Nothing I spray helps much . Seymour Levine , email A : The easiest control is to use a sticky material to trap them on the trunk . One such product is Tanglefoot . Or you could use a wide band of double-sided sticky tape . In either case , wrap the trunk tightly with one or two layers of masking tape in a band 4 inches wide before you do anything else . Make sure there are no cracks underneath the tape that the ants could use to bypass the sticky stuff . The Tanglefoot can be painted on the masking tape . Or apply one layer of sticky tape to the masking tape . Check the trap daily and renew the application when it 's no longer trapping ants . Q : Is it possible to have soil that is too rich ? I 've had a vegetable garden for 30 years and I 've amended it each year but my yields are declining . I had my soil tested and all levels were very high . Betsy Dodson , Peachtree Corners A : If you have amended your soil every year with compost , it may have too much organic matter in it . This would make it drain poorly , and that could lead to plant disease or decline . Your county Extension office can facilitate a soil test for organic matter . It costs around $ 10 . If your garden soil seems a bit spongy , my recommendation is to add expanded slate -LRB- PermaTill -RRB- . Many Ace hardware stores carry it . Q : Would a ` Sharpblue ' blueberry bush work well with a ` Sunshine Blue ' blueberry ? Dinny Gujral , Peachtree Corners A : Both of these blueberries are Southern highbush varieties . They bear fruit earlier than our common rabbiteye blueberries . They will partially pollinate themselves individually , but they fruit a lot better with a different variety nearby . These two make a good combination . Listen to Walter Reeves ' segments at 6:35 a.m. on `` Green and Growing with Ashley Frasca '' Saturday mornings on 95.5 WSB . Visit his website , www.walterreeves.com , follow him on Twitter @walterreeves , on Pinterest , or join his Facebook Fan Page at bit.ly / georgiagardener for more garden tips .", "url": "https://www.ajc.com/life/home-garden/a-tip-for-gardeners-naked-ladies-are-not-the-same/HVKARLBCLFF3HIM2UDEVB2OWIU/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000078678131104}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 1.0000078678131104}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.023529183884192312, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5NAel", "stitle": "Colorado Recreational Marijuana Shoppers Switching Back To Medical", "seg_title_stem": "Colorado Recreational Marijuana Shoppers switch back to Medical", "seg_content": "Cannabis purchasing trends in Colorado suggest a switch from `` consumer '' to `` patient '' as disposable income levels lessen during COVID-19 pandemic . The state of Colorado released its marijuana tax revenues for July which implies total monthly sales of $ 206.7 M -LRB- + 7 % MoM ; 20 % YoY -RRB- with medical marijuana revenues at $ 42.4 M -LRB- +4 % MoM ; 42 % YoY -RRB- and recreational use ~ $ 164.2 M -LRB- +8 % MoM ; 16 % YoY -RRB- . We estimate that the average cardholder spends in the month ticked up to ~ $ 510 from ~ $ 490 in June -LRB- $ 338 July ' 19 -RRB- . The number of cardholders at month-end remained flat from June at ~ 83K but up from ~ 80K since the pandemic hit . -LRB- NOTE : Not every registered cardholder will make purchases in any given month , in fact , some states have revealed active patients at ~ 70-75 % thus the estimated average cardholder spend per month could be understated given that the denominator in our calculation is likely lower . -RRB- Since the COVID-19 pandemic took its hit on the economy , the U.S. Cannabis industry has proven remarkably resilient with a surprising resurgence in Colorado , from what had been considered a mature market -LRB- 6 + years since recreational use was introduced -RRB- . Earlier this year , we suggested that as the economy worsens and disposable income levels fall , some cannabis consumers would switch to the illicit market because it provides a cheaper alternative -LRB- no sales tax and other costs associated with regulation -RRB- . Additionally , we asserted that a recreational use consumer could reduce monthly spending by obtaining a medical card that enables the purchase of similar cannabis products at a significantly lower sales tax rate -LRB- ~ 20-25 % + -RRB- . In most states , a medical marijuana card can generally be obtained without much difficulty depending on the qualifying condition -LRB- i.e. chronic pain which is loosely defined -RRB- . Our analysis of Colorado 's recent sales trends could suggest that our prediction for theses possible shifts in consumer behavior may have come to fruition based on the following : The medical market rate of growth has expanded 2500 bps which is notably more than recreational use +500 bps -LRB- July YTD -RRB- . This is a clear reversal of the trends that we have observed pre-COVID where medical market growth was decelerating -LRB- $ millions -RRB- . Since the pandemic , we note an uptick in cardholder counts -LRB- +3 K -RRB- coupled with a sharp increase in monthly spending . This trend could also suggest that existing cardholders are spending more for resale into the `` gray market '' -LRB- purchased in the legal market , sold in the illicit market -RRB- . Because cannabis is deemed an `` essential business '' , we do n't think that the increased level in spending is attributed to `` hoarding '' -LRB- though entirely possible in some markets for both recreational and medical use -RRB- . As the bellwether for the U.S. Cannabis industry , Colorado could be an indicator of similar trends experienced in other recreational use markets . Our analysis is based upon information provided by the state of Colorado and is not derived from point of sale data . Cannabis regulations and disclosures vary by state and with a 6 + year track of regulating a dual market , we think Colorado could serve as an indicator of similar trends experienced in other U.S. bifurcated markets . Eventually , we think these trends will return to the norm with more growth to come from the recreational market . With the imminent end of federal prohibition , we recognize that this shift could prove inconsequential as the medicinal -LRB- as defined today -RRB- and recreational use markets combine into one substantially larger market -LRB- medical use will be redefined and recalibrated with precise dosage , efficacy , etc. similar to other health/wellness products -RRB- . This article was originally published on Green Market Report and was reposted with permission . The Fresh Toast is a daily lifestyle platform with a side of cannabis . For more information , visit www.thefreshtoast.com .", "url": "https://www.arcamax.com/healthandspirit/cannabisdaily/s-2400293", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 0.8989989757537842}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 0.8989989757537842}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.027980917336322075, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5QDcx", "stitle": "Reinvesting In Communities : Canopy Growth , Cresco Labs , Curaleaf Talk Cannabis Social Equity", "seg_title_stem": "reinvest in community : Canopy Growth , Cresco Labs , Curaleaf talk Cannabis Social Equity", "seg_content": "Leaders from the cannabis industry gathered at the virtual Benzinga Cannabis Capital Conference on Tuesday to share ideas on how social equity initiatives can bring restorative justice to communities affected by cannabis prohibition . The panel was moderated by Last Prisoner Project board member Natalie Papillion . The group , which aims to repair the harm caused by the war on drugs , advocates for the release of people incarcerated on cannabis charges , and helping them rebuild their lives . Revisiting Social Equity : Khadijah Tribble , Vice President of Corporate Social Responsibility at Curaleaf -LRB- CSE : CURA -RRB- , went over the concept of `` social equity '' -- a term often tossed around , but rarely understood . In her words , social equity is a framework for understanding how to use and interrupt systems that have been traditionally used to disenfranchise communities . It 's about removing the barriers to patient care , employment and investment opportunities in those community , she explained . `` Social equity for cannabis is for everyone , including those who have a criminal background related to a marijuana conviction , arrest or incarceration . Even if you have a marijuana arrest , it could be potentially devastating for you economically , '' said Tribble . `` It stands to reason that the industry has a big responsibility in addressing what has happened during the last 50 years . '' Diversity and Inclusion Inside and Out : Hillary Black , Chief Advocacy Officer at Canopy Growth -LRB- NYSE : CGC -RRB- , highlighted the importance of collaboration among companies to achieve the greatest possible impact . In that sense , big cannabis companies are not necessarily competitors . Black , who has been working in cannabis advocacy for more than 20 years , also says social justice initiatives should not be used as a marketing tool . They should always be about authentic social impact , she explained . `` When you 're investing externally in social justice initiatives , it 's really important to have your own house in order , '' says Black . This means that within a company , the upper management and c-suites should be revised to represent diversity and inclusion . Educational programs should also be included to increase literacy and understanding about unconscious biases for the entire staff from the bottom up . Seed Initiatives for Damaged Communities : Chicago-based Cresco Labs -LRB- CSE : CL -RRB- advocates for policies in Illinois ' Adult-use Act , and pushes for rebuilding and re-investing in communities that had been most devastated by the war on drugs in Illinois . The company is doing the same in other states where it operates , every time the possibility of law reform arises . `` The goal is for us to create opportunities for people to participate in the wealth that 's being created by the end of prohibition , '' said Barrington Rutherford , Senior Vice-President of Real Estate and Community Integration at Cresco . Cresco 's role in being a part of the social equity movement in cannabis , is helping people figure out what is the right opportunity for them , he added . `` What 's the most appropriate opportunity ? Where can they be most successful ? '' says Rutherford . This includes investment and entrepreneurship opportunities , to better paying jobs in the workforce . For small businesses , helping them own production , distribution and retail is a critical approach in helping rebuild communities . Three Pillars : Black concluded the panel with what she believes are the three pillars of social equity : What are we doing to change the face of the industry ? How are we investing profits to support those that have been locked up and locked out ? And , what are we doing to undo past harms ? `` If you stick with those three pillars , you really ca n't go wrong , '' she said .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17149217/reinvesting-in-communities-canopy-growth-cresco-labs-curaleaf-talk-cannabis-social-equity", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.39345809614203064, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'fuck': 1, 'obscene': 1, 'porn': 1, 'erotic': 1, 'shit': 1, 'nude': 1, 'horny': 1, 'genital': 1, 'kama sutra': 1, 'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1, 'sex dungeon': 1, 'sex party': 1, 'sex toy': 1, 'sex toys': 1, 'sexual behavior': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1, 'obscenity': 1, 'twerking': 1, 'stripper': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'porn': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5TZh4", "stitle": "Sex , lies , and video games : Inside Roblox 's war on porn", "seg_title_stem": "sex , lie , and video game : inside roblox 's war on porn", "seg_content": "When he was still just 11 years old , the Roblox player known as Dazzely enjoyed games the old-fashioned way : He played them . Back in 2012 , Roblox , the massive online gaming platform , had plenty to offer him . He created his first avatar for free , styled its cylindrical head and clothed its blocky body . Then , choosing from the list of over a million titles on Roblox.com , Dazzely placed the little man in one game after another : He jumped him through obstacle courses , buckled him into race cars , and built him forts . Using free software called Roblox Studio , Dazzely could even construct his own games . That was the idea : Roblox 's creators envisioned the platform as a vast and ever-changing digital playground where kids crafted whatever they desired -- games , clothing , structures , landscapes . Dazzely continued playing Roblox as he grew up , and the platform matured with him . In 2013 , Roblox introduced a way to convert its virtual currency , Robux , back into real dollars . A primitive economy -- developers peddling virtual items like sunglasses or limited edition hats -- evolved into a more complex one . Older kids began working for one another and performing specialized roles , as artists , builders , and game scripters . It was n't the floor plan that caught his attention . It was the writhing crowd of naked Roblox avatars . Roblox today is the product of its over 150 million monthly active users . What began as a sandbox now resembles a scrappy cybernation of teens and tweens whose population rivals that of Japan . And the dollars are real : Players poured more than $ 490 million into Roblox via mobile devices in the first half of 2020 alone , according to Sensor Tower data . Roblox projects that its user-developers -- many of whom are Roblox veterans in their late teens and early twenties -- will earn more than $ 250 million from selling access to their creations this year . The company , which is valued at $ 4 billion , takes roughly 65 cents of every U.S. dollar when developers cash out . Dazzely , who is now 19 and whose real name is Dylan Lemus-Olson , holds a unique occupation in this booming super-metropolis : He 's a muckraking YouTube personality . Part tabloid reporter , part internet troll , he pokes around Roblox 's dark corners and uploads his exploits to the video platform , where he has more than 53,000 subscribers . As it turns out , there are plenty of shadows for him to explore . For Dazzely , it was a push notification on a school night in 2017 that knocked him tumbling into Roblox 's red light district -- a direct message via Discord , the online chat application that 's frequently used by gamers . The text contained a hyperlink to a Roblox game called , simply , `` The Condo . '' Dazzely hesitated briefly , then clicked . `` What the fuck is this ? '' he says , recalling his reaction . The game 's setting was a couple of rooms and a kitchenette , a pool in the backyard . It resembled a small condominium . Hence the game 's name . But it was n't the floor plan that caught his attention . It was the writhing crowd of naked Roblox avatars in the bungalow 's living room . They were the same blocky-headed , Lego-esque characters as in all Roblox games . Except these avatars sported profanely exaggerated anatomies , and the speech bubbles above their heads were a lurid cloud of curse words and slurs . Freedom of speech was n't the only thing these pixelated hedonists were exercising , either . Someone must have hacked the Roblox child safety filters , Dazzely concluded . He hit a button to start recording his screen . He leaned into his computer 's microphone and began to provide humorous narration for his then-nascent YouTube channel . The following morning , when Dazzely logged into his YouTube account and saw that his video had already received 1,000 views , Roblox stopped being child 's play for him . He had found his calling . To the uninitiated , 21st-century gaming resembles its 16-bit past in one respect , at least : Players still mash controllers and keyboards to make characters run around the screen . But games today do more than kill time . They anchor teeming reefs of social life . Fans play together inside the games themselves , but they also school around adjacent sites -- streaming their gameplay for one another on Twitch , posting videos on YouTube , sharing memes via Discord . Titles as ancient as Super Mario Brothers now support flourishing communities online -LRB- Google `` Kaizo Mario '' -RRB- . But the games that inspire some of the most vibrant ecosystems are the massively open ones where users make their own fun -- Minecraft , Fortnite , and , especially , Roblox . For David Baszucki , Roblox 's cocreator and longtime CEO , this sprawling social world is the game 's best feature , and a sign of the media metaverse to come . Platforms like Roblox represent `` a new category of human co-experience and freedom '' he says , one that blends video games and social media . `` We 're in this unique opportunity to be its shepherds . '' That means overseeing a world that 's filled with children . Though Roblox does n't disclose the ages of its users , it does say that the majority of them are under 18 -- and that at least half of U.S. kids ages 16 and under are on the platform . A December 2017 study by Comscore found that kids between the ages of 5 and 9 spend more time playing Roblox than doing anything else online on PCs ; for those between the ages of 9 and 18 , only YouTube consumes more of their online attention . At a time of social distancing , that 's not necessarily a bad thing . Child development specialists increasingly see these multiplayer spaces as a source of lessons for kids about social rules , teamwork , and self-regulation . Online games and their adjacent video-streaming and chat sites also engender a sense of belonging and camaraderie . `` We have to understand games the same way we understand playground play , '' says Jordan Shapiro , a psychology researcher at Temple University and author of The New Childhood . Indeed , many kids arrive on Roblox determined to play their favorite kind of make-believe : pretending at adult life . Games simulating grownup activities , such as caring for pets and babies -LRB- `` Adopt Me ! '' -RRB- , getting jobs -LRB- `` Working at a Pizza Place '' -RRB- , and driving cars -LRB- `` Jailbreak , '' `` Driving Simulator '' -RRB- , collectively rack up tens of billions of visits . Kids between the ages of 5 and 9 spend more time playing Roblox than doing anything else online on PCs . `` We want kids to have an opportunity for free play , '' Baszucki says . `` Roblox allows them to get together , make their own rules , go together wherever they might want ... and create together , build together , and in many cases , learn together . '' But as the leaders of Twitter , Facebook , and YouTube have learned , maintaining control of a platform as it grows up is n't easy . And Roblox , which turns 16 in September , has the added challenge of chaperoning a platform tailor-made for young users who love tinkering with software . `` Roblox is where I learned to hack , '' says Quinn Wilton , a security researcher who spent her childhood playing the game and now works at the software security firm Synopsys . Given the choice between facing off against professional hackers or a mob of unruly teens , Wilton says she 'd pick the former every time . `` A teenager is hacking for ego , fame , respect -- and they have endless amounts of time , '' she says . Kids test boundaries , and teenage desires do n't fit neatly into terms of service . On Roblox , these digitally savvy adolescents are growing up fast -- and putting their avatars and themselves in dangerous positions . It was 7 a.m. eastern on a May morning , and in a Roblox game titled `` Haha ~ ~ ;-RRB- '' only a few players meandered around the palm tree-lined pool at a party house created by a group known as The Cons . In real life , this house might have functioned as a corporate event space -- one could imagine its airy foyer filled with executives in chinos and name tags , nursing bad red wine . The Cons clearly envisioned their guests getting down to adult business as well , albeit of a different sort . Their den showcased an array of sex toys . The private rooms upstairs were furnished only with beds . The basement was a torch-lit sex dungeon . New players started this Roblox game with a choice : `` Boy , '' `` Girl , '' or `` other . '' Selecting one of the first two options immediately stripped your clothes and transported you poolside ; clicking `` other '' placed you , clothed , in the room with sex toys . Avatars could choose among more than 25 different body positions and movements -- most of them simulating sex acts . -LRB- Males could also , incongruously , choose `` pushups . '' -RRB- Beer and boom boxes were available too . The Haha house would eventually be visited by players more than 600 times in its few hours of existence , but for now it was relatively quiet . Inside , the only soul stirring was a solitary male figure in the home 's open-concept kitchen , recumbent on the breakfast bar . Judging by the motions proximate to his pelvis polygons , he was pleasuring himself . Elsewhere in the house , a player requested a private game server with another -- so they could enter an identical , empty copy of the party house and carry on their interactions alone . Roblox has been praised by child safety advocates for its dedication to safeguarding users . It maintains strict in-game rules , among them : no cyberbullying and harassment ; no discriminatory , threatening , or overly violent behavior ; and no looking for dates or engaging in sexual behavior of any kind . Players under 13 -LRB- you must enter a birthdate to create an account , though the company does not verify it -RRB- are prohibited from receiving direct messages from other users unless parents add those names to a friends list . Parents can set up additional controls , such as limiting the child to playing curated , pre-vetted games . By sharing content via other parts of the gaming ecosystem , players exploit the fact that Roblox 's enforcement mechanisms end at its own platform . Roblox enforces these rules vigorously , censoring in-game chats with software filters , watching player activity with the help of AI , and responding to problems with a battalion of more than 1,600 human content moderators , 24/7 . Law enforcement agencies have held up the platform 's multilayered approach to security as a gold standard . `` Roblox is very much an industry leader , '' says Steven Grocki , chief of the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section at the U.S. Department of Justice . Yet for years , the company has quietly waged a technological shadow war against some of its own young users . These players have exploited Roblox to allow them to curse , upload explicit content , and manipulate games in ways the company never intended . And by sharing content via other parts of the gaming ecosystem -- most notably Discord , which allows users to talk to one another via text , voice , and video , either one-on-one or in groups -- they exploit the fact that Roblox 's enforcement mechanisms end at its own platform . It 's a shortcoming that can leave Roblox users far less protected than their parents might think . -LRB- Roblox says it works `` diligently with other chat , social media , and User Generated Content platforms to report bad actors and content , '' though it 's up to these platforms to take `` appropriate action . '' -RRB- `` This is an adversarial kind of situation ... -LSB- and -RSB- we know that the bad actors are not going to stop , '' says a top Roblox safety representative , who requested that his name be withheld . The cat-and-mouse skirmishes between Roblox and its rebellious players take place daily and around the clock . The same morning that the Haha house went live , Roblox shut it down . But that hardly mattered : Two other condo games were still running , one set in a windowless bunker with posters of Bart Simpson and SpongeBob , another in a cavernous , smoke-filled nightclub . When Roblox shut those down , still others sprouted up . Nothing on Roblox indicates when a new condo game might appear , or what it might be called -LRB- `` GAMEGAMEGAM , '' `` SCAR OF$ '' -RRB- . Yet the revelers find them , their avatars often dropping in mere seconds after games go live . Before long , a popular condo game may have upwards of 1,000 players -- all drinking , vaping , swearing , and generally getting their blocky freak on . Their sudden appearance is n't magic . The constellation of gamers ' favorite websites points the way . And these sites each have their own content standards . Roblox censors the word `` condo , '' but Reddit 's gamer groups can easily discuss these kinds of games . YouTube requires videos that depict the games ' most explicit moments to carry an age restriction , but it allows anyone to watch videos that explain how to find condo games . Discord is most helpful : Fast Company easily located some 150 Discord groups -LRB- also called `` servers '' -RRB- that are devoted to explicit Roblox content . These servers -- a couple of which have more than 10,000 users each -- are home to roving camps of Roblox 's `` bad actors '' : the game-exploiters , the content-bypassers , and the condo creators themselves . They use Discord groups to mingle , boast about their exploits , share links to new condo games , and chat amongst themselves while in the game . Discord does n't prohibit linking to Roblox sex games , but says that all adult content must be relegated to channels and servers explicitly marked for ages 18 and older . In a statement , the company said that it `` takes immediate action '' if it finds out that users have lied about their age . -LRB- Discord does n't verify users ' ages at sign-up . -RRB- Fast Company interviewed 17 members of Discord condo servers , including 14 who said they operated Roblox condo games themselves . All said they were between the ages of 13 and 17 . Three provided photos of their school IDs to prove that they are underage . -LRB- None agreed to make their parents available for interviews . -RRB- These gamers , who spoke with Fast Company via Discord 's text and voice chat over a period of four weeks , describe themselves as longtime Roblox players who got into condos for the thrills , status , and money involved : Hacking a big platform and outwitting the Roblox commissars is an exciting challenge , they say , and there can be tidy business in selling in-game administrative privileges , which allow a player to fly and teleport , manipulate other users ' avatars , or even kick out other players . Reviewing the chat-logs of these condo servers -- Fast Company extracted and examined the logs from 31 of them , a stream of gamerchat that would run over 910,000 pages if printed out in six-point font -- painted a picture of unsupervised adolescence in the age of massive online games . These appear to be kids with one foot still planted in Roblox , the digital playspace of their childhood , and the other extended to Discord 's more brazenly adult world . The all-lowercase text conversations reek of classic teenage boredom , a state made all the worse by COVID-19 's shelter-in-place orders . `` I 'd rather be outside hanging with my friends or something , '' one condo owner said . The burden of protecting one another in these games and chats often falls on the teens ' shoulders . Yet these germ-free virtual spaces are hardly safe , even when the danger is difficult to discern . Some condo-themed Discord servers advertise themselves as inclusive and friendly . Other servers are riddled with racial slurs and hate speech ; one Discord server devoted to Roblox condo games had a very active user with the username `` WhiteSupremacist004 . '' The world of condo games is a place where kids act like adults , adults may be posing as kids , and parents seem to be completely absent . Meanwhile the grown-ups who do have a vantage point into what 's going on -- those running Roblox and Discord -- seem incapable of fully shutting down this content and unwilling to publicly share all that they know . As a result , the burden of protecting one another in these games and chats often falls on the teens ' shoulders . For K. , the journey into condos began when he could n't find players for his G-rated Roblox games . The 16-year-old struggled for nearly three years -- his entire postpubescent life , basically -- to make a hit game , but never managed to stand out from the tens of thousands of new games that are uploaded to Roblox every day . So this summer , he paid 1,000 Robux , or around $ 10 , to a guy he 'd met on Discord , who sent him the complete code for a condo game , which would allow K. to replicate it -LRB- with a few tweaks -RRB- each time Roblox 's content moderators shut it down . As Roblox investments went , K. felt it was a sure bet . `` I 'm like , I want to be rich on Roblox , too , '' he said , referencing players he 'd met with fat Robux accounts and virtual items galore . Then he created his own Discord server and got to work . Like most Discord condo servers , K. 's functioned like an airport lounge , keeping members occupied and happy while they awaited the next game . In a dedicated channel that he named #condo - uploads , condo game links arrived as he uploaded them and departed as Roblox shut them down . Users could shoot the breeze in the #general chat , or hop on the #NSFW channels , which housed a near-constant stream of obscene photos and animated gifs . -LRB- Larger servers sometimes dedicate boutique channels to other black-market specialties in the Roblox underworld : game cheats , explicit music hacks , homemade Roblox porn -RRB- . Speaking to Fast Company after five days on the job , K. said he felt as though he had the basics down : He and a couple friends generated a bunch of throwaway Roblox accounts , fired up a VPN to mask their traffic , and uploaded game after game from their burner accounts . He made money , he said , by selling virtual t-shirts through a different Roblox account . When players showed up in his condo game wearing one of these shirts , K. would grant them administrative privileges . He managed to make nearly 3,000 Robux , he says , money which he spent entirely on Roblox items . But a week later , K. was knocked out of the condo racket : Roblox had identified his computer 's device ID and `` hardware-blocked '' him . Other condo-game operators are more sophisticated . D. , who says he 's 13 years old , had been operating condos for months when Fast Company spoke to him in July . He knew enough to hide his hardware ID , had a volunteer staff who uploaded games and kept an eye on the server feeds when he was n't available , and even paid notable Roblox hackers to join his server -- a Discord version of influencer marketing . D. also maintained a separate Discord server , akin to a company intranet , where he posted staff guidelines and celebrated milestones . He estimated that he was making some 150,000 Robux a month from his games , or about $ 450 if he used Roblox 's currency exchange . -LRB- There are even better rates on the black market . -RRB- Those who know what they 're doing can keep uploading condos for years . Two of the largest Discord condo servers that Fast Company evaluated had been active dating back to 2018 . Few of the condo operators Fast Company spoke with admit to visiting their own games . That might get them a reputation as an `` ODer , '' a derogatory term meaning `` online dater . '' One owner , who says he is 17 and has been running a condo server for over two years , did cop to playing his games , but sniffs at calling them condos . He says he caters to a more mature , exclusive userbase ; he prefers the term `` ERP , '' which stands for `` erotic role-play . '' It 's exactly this combination -- the perception of adult freedoms mixed with graphic , emotionless sex -- that 's worrisome . With all respect to the clientele of maison ERP , there 's nothing remotely erotic about these games . The digital gyrations are ridiculous , if impossible to unsee : thong-clad Roblox avatars twerking on stripper poles ; beefy blond avatars buck naked except for COVID masks -LRB- written on the walls in this particular game : `` #stayathomehub '' -RRB- , and enough crudely animated contortions to fill several volumes of the Kama Sutra -LRB- should Lego ever decide to publish an edition -RRB- . Judging by the in-game comments , most Roblox players find Condo games gross , at least when they first encounter them . -LRB- `` EEEEWWWW , '' wrote one player , upon arriving in a condo game in May . -RRB- But they also find them liberating -- the digital equivalent of an empty house where the parents are out of town . `` tbh ill probably only come here to swear , '' chatted one user in a condo game in May . `` fuck dat sex shit im here for the bad words . '' It 's exactly this combination -- the perception of adult freedoms mixed with graphic , emotionless sex -- that 's worrisome . Two experts on child predators who reviewed footage from condo games declared that they presented textbook terrain for predators looking to groom children for sexual abuse : `` For somebody who wants to -LSB- prey on children -RSB- , these types of environments make it very easy for them , '' says Elizabeth Jeglic , a psychology professor who researches sexual violence at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York City . The games ' cheerful , colorful settings makes them all the more insidious . Condo operators , too , are aware of such dangers . Fast Company spoke with several who described their efforts to keep suspicious people off their Discord servers -- and , thus , out of their games . Two operators say they set up in-game filters that alert them whenever players mention an age under 13 , solicit or offer to share nude photos , or mention Snapchat -LRB- thought to be a go-to means of sending illicit pictures , as Roblox does not support the sending of images or video -RRB- . One condo owner said he invites suspicious users to voice chats , to see if he can discern their age by the timber of their voices . Fast Company 's analysis of the chat logs of 31 Discord condo servers corroborates the notion that server operators regularly police their games . Since February , those servers banned at least five users suspected of sharing or soliciting imagery from underage users . They kicked off at least another 13 users whom they suspected of being under 13 . Four days into the job , K. said he had kicked two people off his server , one of whom had used the handle `` pedo . '' But not all condo operators are committed to safeguarding their users . Three essentially shrugged when asked what precautions they take -LRB- `` I ca n't tell if -LSB- players -RSB- lie about their age , '' said one . `` I just do n't care , '' said another . `` If horny little kids get catfished by pedophiles on condos then sorry this is becoming natural selection , '' chatted another user in a condo server in April . -RRB- Y. , a condo owner who claims to be 15 and operates a Discord server with more than 3,500 members , said he actually profits from predatory activity by soliciting sexualized photos from female users he meets on Discord and packaging those photos for interested buyers . -LRB- Fast Company reported Y. 's account of this activity to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . -RRB- Y. , a condo owner who claims to be 15 , said he actually profits from predatory activity by soliciting sexualized photos from female users he meets on Discord . It 's difficult to track the real extent of criminal activity in the Roblox underworld . Teenage gamers and hackers sometimes say reprehensible things ironically to get a rise out of others -- a practice known as edgelord humor . Case in point : Users call one another pedophiles almost as a running joke , a way to make light of the fact that they 've transformed a kids game into an explicit sex party . The word `` pedo '' popped up more than 3,400 times in the 31 condo servers that Fast Company evaluated ; spot checks of a few hundred instances of the word indicated that all but a small minority of references appeared to be in jest . `` Teenage hackers are basically the least trustworthy group of people around , '' says Quinn Wilton , the software safety consultant . Meanwhile , the larger the Discord servers get , the more chaotic they become . Y. says he 's constantly on the lookout for violent and illegal content on his condo server . This is partly for self-preservation : If a server owner fails to remove egregious content posted by members -LRB- e.g. sadistic gore , animal cruelty , sexualized imagery of minors , threats of violence -RRB- , Discord will shut the server down . So far , he says he 's banned users for posting exceedingly graphic content , which included videos and gifs of murders , genital amputations , and rape . -LRB- In a statement , a Discord spokesperson said : `` We have a zero-tolerance policy for any illegal activity and work closely with authorities to keep our users safe . '' -RRB- He says he considered reporting these users to Discord as well , but that would have meant submitting a paper trail documenting their bad behavior , requiring him to spend more time with the content than he wanted . -LRB- Discord provides server operators with a default content filter that automatically detects and deletes inappropriate material , though owners can turn it off . -RRB- `` i seen a lot , '' Y. said via a Discord chat . `` Ppl at my school are like innocent to me . I seen too much . '' Condo games make up a tiny proportion of the games available on Roblox , and they are nowhere near as popular as the platform 's hit titles , such as `` Piggy , '' which has been visited nearly five billion times since it debuted in January . A typical condo game is lucky to get a thousand visits , according to four condo game owners Fast Company interviewed . And these games are n't easy for the casual Roblox user to find . Young gamers who chat only with their friends on Roblox are unlikely to stumble onto a condo game link . But kids do play these games -- and there 's no reliable way of knowing whom they 're interacting with . Roblox says it 's deeply committed to fighting bad actors on its platform : `` We have no tolerance for content or behavior that violates our community rules and work tirelessly and relentlessly to create a safe , civil and diverse community , '' a top safety representative said in an e-mailed statement . In addition to its longstanding content-moderation efforts , the company also recently partnered with Microsoft on Project Artemis to develop a set of tools that identifies and filters grooming patterns in chat to prevent online child exploitation . But Roblox has n't taken more structural steps to police its content and protect its users , such as limiting the ease of creating accounts , implementing a review system for games akin to Apple 's App Store , or allowing only trusted developers to upload games . Such solutions would be costly and could curb Roblox 's explosive growth . In the meantime , the company wo n't share the details of what its moderation team actually finds . Roblox declined to say when it first became aware of condo games , or how many condo games it has shut down . It wo n't say how much money these games have netted both players and the company . Nor does it share the kind of aggregate statistics that YouTube , Facebook , Twitter , and even Discord now routinely provide in transparency reports , such as the number of user complaints of inappropriate content and requests for user information from law enforcement . Problems are minimal , the company vows -- '' a 0.1 % problem ... -LSB- caused by -RSB- a very small , vanishingly small minority of people on the platform , '' says the Robox safety representative who declined to be named . Some of the only data available comes from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children -LRB- NCMEC -RRB- , which lists the number of referrals its CyberTipLine has received from tech companies -- reports that may involve anything from child sex trafficking to suspected online enticement of children , and which are submitted by the companies themselves . In 2019 , Roblox sent 675 reports to NCMEC . The company says it reports any suspected child exploitation , abuse materials , or online grooming . Discord submitted 19,480 reports to the center . -LRB- By comparison , Facebook submitted 15.8 million reports and Google referred 450,000 . -RRB- Opacity , it turns out , is an industry-wide problem . No major gaming companies or massive online gaming platforms issue transparency reports or share data about enforcement activity . -LRB- Microsoft provides the number of user reports and law enforcement requests it receives related to Xbox and OneDrive , for example , but it does n't offer similar insight into Minecraft . -RRB- Meanwhile , the gaming industry 's parental guidance rating system -LRB- akin to the Motion Picture Association 's PG and R ratings for movies -RRB- evaluates games based on the content created by the companies themselves . It does n't review the risks posed by other players : It simply tags all multiplayer titles with a boilerplate `` Users Interact '' notice . As a result , Roblox 's `` E10 + : Appropriate For Everyone 10 and up '' rating has n't been affected by condo games . As kids collectively spend billions of hours playing these games , the public has little insight into what 's actually taking place inside them , or what the game companies are doing to protect them . Yet these games are increasingly powerful content platforms -- '' a new category of human co-experience , '' as Baszucki says -- and they are populated by children . Anecdotally , players say they regularly hear racial slurs , hate speech , and bullying language in games of all kinds . And in Roblox , they 're able to enter environments that are far more mature than many people realize . As kids collectively spend billions of hours playing these games , the public has little insight into what 's actually taking place inside them , or what the game companies are doing to protect them . Members of Congress are pushing the government to do a better job of safeguarding kids across the Internet . In March , Senators Lindsey Graham and Richard Blumenthal introduced EARN IT , a bill that would make tech companies more liable for child abuse imagery trafficked on their sites and create a commission in charge of developing voluntary guidelines around child safety and transparency . In May , Senators Ron Wyden , Kirsten Gillibrand , Bob Casey , and Sherrod Brown introduced another bill that would allot $ 5 billion to crack down on child sexual abuse material online over the next 10 years . Yet lawmakers have yet to focus their efforts on protecting children as they play these massive online games . -LRB- Steven Grocki , who oversees child exploitation at the U.S. Department of Justice , had not heard of Roblox condo games until Fast Company reached out . -RRB- With little oversight , that leaves the work of spotlighting in-game crime to natives like Dazzely . But in recent weeks Roblox has made that more difficult . On July 28 , the company banned his main Roblox account and blocked his computer 's hardware ID , effectively shutting him out of the game . On July 31 , the company went after his YouTube channel , blanketing his recent videos with copyright violation notices , which prompted YouTube 's content moderation system to deactivate 14 of them . Roblox even filed a copyright violation notice against a video where Dazzely discusses the company 's efforts to shut him down . He 's since delisted most of his videos or made them private . Ironically , Dazzely had already been planning to leave condos behind . Roblox had gotten much better at its condo game whack-a-mole , he observed in an earlier interview . And the games he did manage to visit seemed nearly identical to the ones that came before . For a muckraker like him , it had become tedious . But Dazzely has no intention of leaving Roblox completely behind . He knows there 's no shortage of other kinds of darkness and skullduggery on the platform . A couple months ago , he paid a visit to ePal.gg , a site started in January that contains more than 40,000 profiles of people advertising themselves as `` e-Girls '' and `` e-Boys '' -- flirty in-game escorts whom customers can pay to play with online . The four Pal founders say that they require all their ePals to be over the age of 18 and prohibit sexual harassment . But they acknowledged that they do n't check ages and that they have just four employees reviewing applications . Recently , the third-most watched video in ePal 's content section was `` How to Seduce an e-Girl . '' For Dazzely 's YouTube dispatch , he hired an e-girl who said she was just 17 . -LRB- They played Roblox volleyball together with some of his fans . -RRB- In his real life , Dazzely 's turning his attention to college -- he 'd eventually like to become a history teacher . But for now , he wants the underbelly of Roblox to remain his creative focus -- if he 's ever allowed back in the game . `` You can do so many things on Roblox . That 's why I 'm not bored of it , '' he says . Maybe someday he 'll leave his digital playground for the `` real world . '' On the other hand , he muses , maybe older folks will finally realize that they 're one and the same . Technical assistance provided by Ken Ficara and Natalie Soler . Data analysis software was provided for this story by the Everlaw for Good program .", "url": "https://www.fastcompany.com/90539906/sex-lies-and-video-games-inside-roblox-war-on-porn", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9989635944366455}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9989635944366455}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011478580497823776, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5UkPy", "stitle": "Vote yes to legalization of cannabis on Nov. 3", "seg_title_stem": "vote yes to legalization of cannabis on Nov. 3", "seg_content": "On Election Day , Nov. 3 , New Jersey voters will decide if the state will proceed with legalization of cannabis for adult use . The current status of failed prohibition and the underground market is not what is best for the people . Marijuana is objectively safer than alcohol so why are we driving people to drink ? Street dealers do not check age , but taxed and regulated stores absolutely will or they will be closed by the state . Consumers will know exactly what is in what they buy with testing , packaging and labels -- just like any other adult use product we have the liberty to use responsibly . Colorado made $ 36 million in tax revenue in June . It adds up to billions year after year . We wo n't fix all our fiscal woes , but we will have benefit to the economy beyond the tax . Real estate is hurting bad now and we can always use good jobs . It will add up if we vote to bring all of this out if the shadows . Why was marijuana outlawed in the first place ? The stigma is based on racist lies and propaganda . Regardless of your political affiliations , I urge all of the people of New Jersey to vote yes to legalization . Jeffrey King Eatontown", "url": "https://centraljersey.com/2020/08/19/vote-yes-to-legalization-of-cannabis-on-nov-3/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9931842684745789}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.9931842684745789}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.13190367195276143, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5WKam", "stitle": "Former CR Schools therapist charged with having sex with student", "seg_title_stem": "former cr school therapist charge with have sex with student", "seg_content": "A former Cedar Rapids Schools therapist has been charged with having sex with a 14-year-old student at Polk Alternative Education Center . The Cedar Rapids Gazette reports that 45-year-old Miranda Breeden of Monticello appeared in federal court Tuesday . According to the criminal complaint , Breeden worked for the district from August 2019 to January of this year . The Cedar Rapids Community School District issued a statement Tuesday indicating Breeden was placed on leave after officials became aware of the allegations . She was formally terminated July 30th . The boy 's mother raised concerns about the relationship and subsequently found inappropriate text messages between her son and a therapist . Breedon was identified as the therapist after the mother took screenshots of the text messages and gave them to police . The boy 's brother also confirmed there was a sexual relationship . During an investigative interview , the 14-year-old said that he and Breedon had sex in her office at school , hotel rooms , and at Breedon 's parents house in Monticello . She 's also accused of buying a gun for him . If convicted , the woman faces up to ten years in prison on the gun charge , and up to life in prison on the enticement of a minor charge .", "url": "https://www.1630kcjj.com/2020/08/19/former-cr-schools-therapist-charged-with-having-sex-with-student/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9994945526123047}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9994945526123047}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3883655261156105, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5hVIk", "stitle": "Woman arrested after video shows child outside Alabama strip club", "seg_title_stem": "Woman arrest after video show child outside Alabama strip club", "seg_content": "PRICHARD , Ala. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Police say a woman is charged with child endangerment after video captured images of a child in the back seat of a car that was parked outside an Alabama strip club in the middle of the night . News outlets report that 20-year-old Eva Rudolph surrendered to police early Tuesday in Prichard , located near Mobile . Facebook live video from early Saturday showed a young child in the back seat of a car parked outside the Lotus Gentlemen 's Club in Prichard . A small crowd gathered after someone realized a child was inside . There was n't any indication the child was harmed .", "url": "https://www.cbs42.com/alabama-news/woman-arrested-after-video-shows-child-outside-alabama-strip-club/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.005927816770126112, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5n2ou", "stitle": "High demand for medical marijuana causes shortage in Arkansas", "seg_title_stem": "high demand for medical marijuana cause shortage in Arkansas", "seg_content": "FORT SMITH , Ark. -LRB- KFSM -RRB- -- There are several questions in both Northwest Arkansas and the River Valley regarding medical marijuana dispensaries and the struggle to meet the needs of Arkansans . Patient Carla Thompson says if medical marijuana does n't become more available in Arkansas she may have to go to Oklahoma . `` Like right now I 'm almost out so tomorrow I will probably have to go online and search around and try to find somewhere that has something , '' Thompson said . Thompson and many other patients say finding access to the medicine they need is almost impossible . She says her local dispensary , Fort Cannabis Company , struggles to keep its shelves full of any strain . `` Mostly from just anything we ran completely out of flower for two weeks now , '' said Fort Cannabis Manager Alisha . Alisha said the amount they order from their cultivators often does n't show up in full . `` We need this many pounds and they will send us half that sometimes , '' Alisha said . And when they get a shipment , it 's gone fast . `` With them being the only one in Sebastian County when they do get a supply in the line is wrapped around the building , '' Thompson said . Acanza and Releaf Center in Northwest Arkansas both face the same problem . Arkansas Medical Marijuana Commissioner Travis Story says there are plenty of flowers out there . `` It seems that there is supply in the product available in the system and so that 's kind of the responsibility of the individual dispensaries , '' Story said . Story says as of July , three cultivators were fully functional and two were still harvesting and preparing to ship production . The commission has approved licenses for three additional cultivation facilities . While the reason for shortages remains up in the air , the issue is clear , patients ca n't get their medication . It 's a problem Thompson says she 's tired of driving up to 100 miles to Conway or Little Rock . She says if something does n't change , she might have to take her business across the Oklahoma border with a temporary license . `` Where I live that 's just about 5 or 10 miles away , I 'm close to Pocola and the Roland border so that 's what I 'm thinking about doing , '' Thompson said . `` People are spending money in Oklahoma , why not have the money here in Arkansas where we need it instead of taking the money out of state somewhere else . '' Please note : This content carries a strict local market embargo . If you share the same market as the contributor of this article , you may not use it on any platform .", "url": "https://kion546.com/news/national-world/2020/08/19/high-demand-for-medical-marijuana-causes-shortage-in-arkansas/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.005927816770126112, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh5ykzC", "stitle": "High demand for medical marijuana causes shortage in Arkansas", "seg_title_stem": "high demand for medical marijuana cause shortage in Arkansas", "seg_content": "FORT SMITH , Ark. -LRB- KFSM -RRB- -- There are several questions in both Northwest Arkansas and the River Valley regarding medical marijuana dispensaries and the struggle to meet the needs of Arkansans . Patient Carla Thompson says if medical marijuana does n't become more available in Arkansas she may have to go to Oklahoma . `` Like right now I 'm almost out so tomorrow I will probably have to go online and search around and try to find somewhere that has something , '' Thompson said . Thompson and many other patients say finding access to the medicine they need is almost impossible . She says her local dispensary , Fort Cannabis Company , struggles to keep its shelves full of any strain . `` Mostly from just anything we ran completely out of flower for two weeks now , '' said Fort Cannabis Manager Alisha . Alisha said the amount they order from their cultivators often does n't show up in full . `` We need this many pounds and they will send us half that sometimes , '' Alisha said . And when they get a shipment , it 's gone fast . `` With them being the only one in Sebastian County when they do get a supply in the line is wrapped around the building , '' Thompson said . Acanza and Releaf Center in Northwest Arkansas both face the same problem . Arkansas Medical Marijuana Commissioner Travis Story says there are plenty of flowers out there . `` It seems that there is supply in the product available in the system and so that 's kind of the responsibility of the individual dispensaries , '' Story said . Story says as of July , three cultivators were fully functional and two were still harvesting and preparing to ship production . The commission has approved licenses for three additional cultivation facilities . While the reason for shortages remains up in the air , the issue is clear , patients ca n't get their medication . It 's a problem Thompson says she 's tired of driving up to 100 miles to Conway or Little Rock . She says if something does n't change , she might have to take her business across the Oklahoma border with a temporary license . `` Where I live that 's just about 5 or 10 miles away , I 'm close to Pocola and the Roland border so that 's what I 'm thinking about doing , '' Thompson said . `` People are spending money in Oklahoma , why not have the money here in Arkansas where we need it instead of taking the money out of state somewhere else . '' Please note : This content carries a strict local market embargo . If you share the same market as the contributor of this article , you may not use it on any platform .", "url": "https://www.kesq.com/news/national-world/2020/08/19/high-demand-for-medical-marijuana-causes-shortage-in-arkansas/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010439390473457408, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh64K7Y", "stitle": "District Attorney Creuzot Discusses Marijuana With DeSoto Council", "seg_title_stem": "District Attorney Creuzot discuss Marijuana with DeSoto Council", "seg_content": "DeSoto City Council Meeting Aug 17 Recap The DeSoto City Council met in a special session on Monday , August 17 , to discuss the city and county 's marijuana enforcement policies . The special guest for the meeting was Dallas County District Attorney John Creuzot , a retired judge and award winning lawyer . Councilwoman Candice Quarles introduced the subject of the enforcement policy . She said attitudes have changed in the marijuana enforcement policy and citizens need to be made aware of the changes . `` Marijuana usage is now fully legal in 11 states and 31 states have approved some kind of partial use such as medicinal use . '' Throughout the state , the last attitude to change has been policing . She then introduced D.A. John Creuzot to talk about his reforms and why he made them . Creuzot first noted that marijuana use was common among students during his high school and college days and he notes as he walks down the halls at his son 's college dorms , the odor of marijuana is also noticeable . `` Our youth , regardless of who they are , their socio-economic level or where they come from -- they are smoking marijuana , '' he began . Two Legal Levels Of Misdemeanor Marijuana Usage There are two legal levels of misdemeanor usage . Up to two ounces can cause you to serve up to six months in jail and a $ 2,000 fine . Anything between two and four ounces is up to a year in jail and a $ 4,000 fine . Although it is regarded as a `` gateway drug , '' he continued that it is not per se a gateway to violent crime . He then discussed `` pretext stops '' by police officers . A pretext stop is one that police use to stop someone for some minor traffic violation such as a tail light or inspection sticker . This is then used as a pretext to search the vehicle and look for more significant violations of the law . It was written about in a book by James Forman , Jr. that black and other minority drivers were about two and a half times more likely to be pulled over for pretext stops . Creuzot noted that stops for significant infractions such as DWI are normally pretty equal without regard to race , unlike the `` pretext '' stops . Dallas police pulled over 17,000 vehicles in 2019 . The `` theoretical reason '' for these stops was to `` stop murders . '' Creuzot continued there was no relationship between murders and minor traffic stops . In terms of marijuana , Creuzot asserted that arresting and incarcerating people for possessing small amounts of marijuana does not reduce violent crime . Data from the DA 's office shows Black , indigenous and People of Color are disproportionately arrested at a much higher rate for possessing small amounts of marijuana in Dallas County . He said by diverting such low-level offices , he hopes to reduce recidivism and to save taxpayers money . Creuzot Praises DeSoto Police Department For Handling Of Minor Offenders Creuzot commended Chief Joe Costa and the DeSoto department for not overloading the justice system with minor offenders . He said DeSoto was one of the first departments to use this more reasonable and logical approach in addressing crime and arresting and prosecuting violent and repeat offenders . Overall , throughout the United States , 17.8 % of Blacks use marijuana while 16.5 % of whites do according to a study by the US Department of Health and Human Services . In terms of arrests , however . 567.5 Blacks were arrested per 100,000 population while only 156.1 whiles were arrested per 100,000 population . In Dallas County in the year 2019 cases were filed against 177 White/non-Hispanics , 677 Cases were filed against Hispanics or Latinos and 1,439 cases were filed against Blacks . DeSoto Arrests Involving Marijuana In DeSoto , there were 169 Total Class C attempted possession of marijuana under two oz . cases filed between February 7 , 2019 and August 10 , 2020 . Of those cases , 118 were custodial arrests and 51 were cite and release after a promise to appear was signed . Of the 118 DeSoto arrests , only 27 ere for only the one charge of attempted possession while the remaining 91 included other offenses . The attempted possession was only a secondary offense . In terms of total citations written for the time period -LRB- 7,099 -RRB- only 2.38 % were for marijuana while 1,448 or 20.39 % were for speeding -- less than one percent -- 0.38 % were only for marijuana and no other charge . D.A. Creuzot said that when he instituted the policy for Dallas County , DeSoto Chief Costa immediately implemented it in DeSoto and DeSoto Judge Scott Kurth immediately began offering deferred adjudication saving citizens a criminal record and both the citizens and the city money . Infractions are all treated the same by Judge Kurth : fines for public intoxication , open container , theft , and possession are all $ 500 . Each defendant may qualify for a payment plan of between $ 50 and $ 100 monthly depending on their financial situation . In these times of COVID-19 , additional considerations may also be given depending on hardships . Chief Costa and Judge Kurth also addressed Council and citizens , both in agreement with the district attorney that reasonableness should prevail in the City of DeSoto .", "url": "https://www.focusdailynews.com/district-attorney-creuzot-discusses-marijuana-with-desoto-council/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9231895804405212}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9231895804405212}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16420656092182845, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'nudity': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'nudity': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh66nS5", "stitle": "Here is how you can watch Skin : A history of nudity in the Movies on demand .", "seg_title_stem": "here be how you can watch Skin : a history of nudity in the movie on demand .", "seg_content": "Skin , a history of nudity in movies has finally been released . It is a study of the showing of nudity in movies that range from the silent era to modern movies . It features interviews of many popular names such as Pam Grier , Peter Bogdanovich , Amy Heckerling , Kevin Smith , Shannon Elizabeth , Malcolm McDowell , and more . It also studies the gender bias in the movie industry and how they impacted the movies . It also shows the revolution that resulted in equal gender rights in today 's movies . The documentary holds a massive 100 % score on rotten tomatoes , something very rare . So , here is how you can watch the skin . The movie has been released . It has been released as a video on demand release . So , it is available on multiple platforms such as iTunes , Amazon , Google Play , etc. . One can either rent the movie or buy it . The general price of renting and buying is $ 4.99 and $ 7.99 respectively . For those who are waiting for the documentary to debut on a streaming platform may need to wait for a little long time . As of now , there has been no update on which streaming service the movie will debut . However , it will only debut once the VOD window expires and the only way to watch it now is to buy or rent it . For more such latest news stay tuned with us .", "url": "https://andoverleader.com/here-is-how-you-can-watch-skin-a-history-of-nudity-in-the-movies-on-demand", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Movies": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07935237617161502, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh68WtY", "stitle": "2021 Mercedes-Benz S-Class Spied Almost Naked Ahead of Official Debut", "seg_title_stem": "2021 Mercedes-Benz S-Class spy almost naked ahead of Official Debut", "seg_content": "Exactly a week ago , Mercedes-Benz showed the interior of the all-new S-Class in all its glory . Today , a test prototype is revealing almost everything we needed to know about the exterior without the need for an official unveiling . We 've been following the development of the W223 S-Class for a couple of years . It 's the new version of one of the most advanced cars in the world , an icon for both the Benz brand and German engineering as a whole . Only small spots of camo remain on the car , framing the lights and badges . However , we already had a pretty good idea of what to expect due to various leaks . Likewise , we can tell you that the 7th-generation S-Class is based on the MRA II -LRB- Modular Rear-wheel-drive Architecture -RRB- and will be noticeably wider and longer than before . This thing could easily transport any head of state in style . The styling feels like an evolution of the previous model , but with keener lights and a fresh face . Mercedes has installed flush door handles and new mirrors which seem as small as Shrek 's ears . During last week 's web reveal , we got to see the amazing new interior , which is the main feature that sets the 2021 S-Class apart from its rivals . A giant infotainment screen now cascades over the central dashboard . The switches , air vents and steering wheel have all moved into the modern era , but it 's still recognizable as a Mercedes . In fact , you can see part of the cabin as the prototype passes the camera of spotter WalkoART . The official reveal of the car is scheduled for September , but we probably wo n't have a full picture even then . Only the most important engines will be made available at first , perhaps one of the six-cylinder turbos and the S 580 . Later on , the S-Class should have a variety of systems at its disposal , including efficient plug-in hybrid drives and even a V12 for the Maybach models .", "url": "https://www.autoevolution.com/news/2021-mercedes-s-class-spied-almost-naked-ahead-of-official-debut-147601.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Vehicles": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05949065486300282, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh6Ck3l", "stitle": "Eight arrested in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis", "seg_title_stem": "eight arrest in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis", "seg_content": "SIOUX FALLS , S.D. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- An investigation into sex trafficking at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally has resulted in the arrest of eight men . U.S. Attorney Ron Parsons has announced that two of the men had been arrested on charges of attempting commercial sex trafficking of a minor . Six others were arrested for attempting to entice a minor using the internet . The investigation was conducted by both federal and South Dakota law enforcement officers and operated for the entire duration of the 10-day rally .", "url": "https://www.brookingsradio.com/eight-arrested-in-sex-trafficking-investigation-at-sturgis/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010196779148121218, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh6LHuH", "stitle": "KOTG : Arrest made from gas station shooting , Yankton County dealing with COVID-19 increase and sex trafficking arrests at Sturgis Rally", "seg_title_stem": "KOTG : arrest make from gas station shooting , Yankton County deal with covid-19 increase and sex trafficking arrest at Sturgis Rally", "seg_content": "This is KELOLAND On The Go with what you need to know in news and weather to start your day ! Sioux Falls Police have arrested a teenager in connection with a shooting outside an east side convenience store . State and federal authorities arrested eight men in connection with an investigation into sex trafficking at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally . A scary moment for one woman after her vehicle ended up in a diversion channel near Baltic . Yankton County is one area in the state seeing a surge in COVID-19 cases . The pandemic caused passenger numbers to plummet 93 percent at the Rapid City Regional Airport , compared to the previous year . Now , the Airport is seeing those numbers go back up . It may seem like just another coffee shop , but Yakkity Yak Coffee Shack 's employees will give you the pick-me-up you 've been looking for . Stay with KELOLAND News and KELOLAND.com for up-to-the-minute developments throughout the day !", "url": "https://www.keloland.com/on-the-go/kotg-arrest-made-from-gas-station-shooting-yankton-county-dealing-with-covid-19-increase-and-sex-trafficking-arrests-at-sturgis-rally/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05166438926717328, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh6TjZT", "stitle": "FBI : Accused priest may have long history of sex misconduct", "seg_title_stem": "FBI : Accused priest may have long history of sex misconduct", "seg_content": "FINDLAY , Ohio -LRB- AP -RRB- -- The FBI has arrested a Roman Catholic priest in Ohio on child sex trafficking charges . Federal authorities in announcing the arrest say they think the priest has been engaged in sexual conduct with minors since the late 1990s . FBI agents arrested the Rev. Michael Zacharias on Tuesday in Findlay . The 53-year-old has been a priest since 2002 and has been assigned to parishes in Toledo , Mansfield , Van Wert and Fremont . The Catholic Diocese of Toledo says in a statement that the priest has been placed on administrative leave . Court records do n't say whether he has an attorney .", "url": "https://www.wtrf.com/news/ohio-headlines/fbi-accused-priest-may-have-long-history-of-sex-misconduct/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04653917642446254, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh6Zbrl", "stitle": "Eight arrested in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis", "seg_title_stem": "eight arrest in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis", "seg_content": "SIOUX FALLS , S.D. -LRB- AP -RRB- - An investigation into sex trafficking at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally has resulted in the arrest of eight men in South Dakota . U.S. Attorney Ron Parsons has announced that two of the men had been arrested on charges of attempting commercial sex trafficking of a minor . Six others were arrested for attempting to entice a minor using the internet . The investigation was conducted by both federal and South Dakota law enforcement officers and operated for the entire duration of the 10-day rally . The annual event was expected to draw at least 250,000 people to western South Dakota .", "url": "https://www.valleynewslive.com/2020/08/19/eight-arrested-in-sex-trafficking-investigation-at-sturgis/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07286947226531931, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh6tCmK", "stitle": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office Warns Of Sex Offender Phone Scam", "seg_title_stem": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office warn of sex offender phone scam", "seg_content": "This phone scam that is currently going around the Texas Panhandle is hitting local registered sex offenders . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office in a statement said that an individual calling registered sex offenders and claiming to be a sergeant with a local sheriff 's office . The phone scam tells the victims they have warrants and are required to submit a DNA sample . The victim is then told a random amount of money to put on a pre-paid card to avoid being arrested . All of the calls have originated from a number with the local 806 area code . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office says it will never call anyone with outstanding warrants to request money and anyone receiving a call of this nature should not send money in any form to the caller . Report any of these phone scam calls to the Randall County Sheriff 's Office at 806-468-5800 .", "url": "https://knue.com/randall-county-sheriffs-office-warns-of-sex-offender-phone-scam/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.917839579803798, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh796Ex", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Removed Her Breasts Implants , Announces Journey To Self-Love", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale remove she breast implant , announce Journey to Self-Love", "seg_content": "Disney alum Ashley Tisdale , 35 , dauntlessly talked about her mental health journey on her very personal post to her official Instagram account on August 17 -LRB- Monday -RRB- . The songstress , who played as the fashionable Sharpay Evans of the ` High School Musical ' film series , opened up her life 's dark moments , and the twist that sends her to the remarkable journey of self-love . Tisdale started the post by greeting her 12.7 million Instagram followers and continued with , '' ... this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . '' The lengthy post comes with a mesmerizing photo of the American songstress donning a two-piece floral outfit as she strikes a modish pose under the heat of the sun on the beach . View this post on Instagram Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 8:02 am PDT The post went on with Tisdale admitting that she has been very open about her mental health journey since them and sees it as a significant move . Dating years ago , the ` It 's Alright , It 's Okay ' singer , as per Hollywood Life , referencing Tisdale 's post , went in a breast enhancement operation because she felt less than her body what she wanted and though herself to be . She initially thought that with changing it , the results would make her think more of herself and more secure . The matter was genuinely felt by Tisdale but only for a short time . The singer revealed that as time went by , she felt minor health illness like being overly sensitive to food and appetite issues , all of it might be because of her implants . As she felt more worried about her physical health condition , Tisdale decided to remove her breast implants last winter . After the implant removal , Tisdale chooses to walk and choose the path of growth , self-discovery , and self-acceptance , and notably self-love . The songstress pinned out that the photo above her caption was taken two months after the removal surgery . `` I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me , '' she added . Tisdale concluded her post by admitting that despite her wrong decisions in the past , regret is not existent because those were the things that placed her on her feet today . In a report by E! Online , the songstress preciously talked about her anxiety and depression struggles . She encouraged her fans by saying that words have powers and that everyone goes through life experiences , and it is not necessary not to live and dwell with those kinds of feelings and , at the same time , not to be ashamed of it because no one is perfect .", "url": "https://www.entertaintimes.com/articles/3452/20200819/ashley-tisdale-removed-breasts-implants-announces-journey-self-love.htm", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.8498620986938477}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.8498620986938477}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03794146144666631, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh7JcJr", "stitle": "Bright Eyes -- ` Down In The Weeds Where The World Once Was ' review : a heroic return after almost a decade", "seg_title_stem": "bright eye -- ` down in the weed where the World once be ' review : a heroic return after almost a decade", "seg_content": "If , like yours truly , you navigated the ` 00s through the impaired vision of a thick fringe covering one eye , you may never have seen this day coming . But here we are : your folk emo pin-up Conor Oberst has finally been accepted as a prophet , and -LRB- dare we say it ? -RRB- is now actually kinda cool . The geeks have inherited the earth . Millennial icons Matty Healy of The 1975 and Phoebe Bridgers have brought Oberst 's band Bright Eyes to a new audience by singing his praises as a sad poet influence . The latter even went the extra mile with by collaborating when him on their resplendent Better Oblivion Community Center record last year . The world is hungry for ` Down In The Weeds Where The World Once Was ' . : Bright Eyes : `` I hope our music makes people feel less alone '' This is especially true given that Bright Eyes have taken nearly a decade off . In the meantime Oberst dropped five solo albums and a record with post-hardcore side project Desaparecidos . He had n't worked with his old bandmates Nate Walcott and Mike Mogis since 2011 's underrated ` The People 's Key ' ; on 10th album ` Down In The Woods ' , the three amigos sound rejuvenated but still familiar . Opener ` Pageturner 's Rag ' is the usual deliciously pretentious atmospheric spoken word amuse-bouche that starts most Bright Eyes records ; this time it 's some bilingual Spanish and English conversations about flowers over the sounds of static and lounge jazz . They 're back , baby ! ` Dance And Sing ' does what it says on the tin , swaying with the folky opulence last heard on 2007 's ` Cassadaga ' , as Oberst sets the tone of persevering through the shitty times : `` Got ta keep on going like it ai n't the end / Got ta change like you 're life 's depending on it '' . You can feel that he means it . Naysayers may have scoffed at the ` 21st Century Bob Dylan ' tag when it was first applied to Oberst , but his maturity and depth ca n't be denied here . In recent years , the musician has lost his brother and his marriage . You feel that weight in the bagpipe dirge -LRB- yes , really -RRB- of ` Persona Non Grata ' , when he asks `` Oh , how can we reconcile ? '' , and on the theatrical waltz of ` One And Done ' , where he weighs up time , loss and ageing : `` This fleeting feeling is infinite . '' As with the best of Bright Eyes , there 's a bittersweet meeting of macabre words and folky tunefulness . There 's a bubbling new wave lightness to ` Mariana Trench ' , as Oberst reflects a society `` where selfishness is currency -- people spend more than they make '' . Yet the real highlight arrives when he captures a certain Anglo-melancholy on the UK-referencing break-up song ` Calais To Dover '' , traversing a nauseating ferry ride and some sad English scenes , before erupting to an epic and surprising Americana wig-out . ` Pan And Broom ' exudes synthy sweetness as Oberst laments a life that `` went down the drain of rainy days '' . And who else could bring a heavenly choral release to a track called ` Forced Convalescence ' ? Latter-day Beatles-style closer ` Comet Song ' , with its orchestral grace , boasts widescreen scope , as Oberst reflects on a doomed relationship , before he howls , devastatingly : `` You 're approaching even as you disappear '' . At 14 tracks long , the gloom can become a little overbearing . We 'll forgive them a little indulgence , though , as they 're probably making up for lost time . Details Release date : August 21 Record label : Dead Oceans", "url": "https://www.nme.com/reviews/album/bright-eyes-down-in-the-weeds-where-the-world-once-was-album-review-2730449", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 1.0000046491622925}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007837439311301493, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh7MLOz", "stitle": "Customs Seized a Half-Ton of Marijuana Entering Michigan from Canada", "seg_title_stem": "Customs seize a Half-Ton of Marijuana Entering Michigan from Canada", "seg_content": "That 's a lot of pot there , eh ? It was a busy day on Monday at the Blue Water Bridge when Customs and Border Protection -LRB- CBP -RRB- Office of Field Operations Officers seized a half-ton of marijuana from a truck coming into Michigan from Ontario , Canada . Officials originally believed that the truck was carrying office furniture to different locations in the mitten state ; upon further inspection , however , they found that there were 1,114 pounds of marijuana in vacuum-sealed packages that were disguised in cardboard boxes . `` Even during a pandemic , traffickers continue to attempt to exploit our borders and will stop at nothing to try and introduce illicit drugs into our communities , '' Port Director Michael Fox told ClickOnDetroit.com . `` Our officers remain steadfast in their commitment to protecting our borders from all types of criminal activity . '' And apparently , this is n't the first time during the pandemic that traffickers have tried to get their contraband into Michigan - over 4,400 lbs of marijuana have been seized at the border since March . Office furniture ? Really ?? Now I 'm wondering what tipped them off . Was it a desk that smelled a little funky ? This is why I 'm not a drug trafficker . I never would 've thought of using office furniture to smuggle drugs into the United States from Canada . Then again , it obviously was n't a good idea because they got caught .", "url": "https://wcrz.com/customs-seized-a-half-ton-of-marijuana-entering-michigan-from-canada/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0075069458918173146, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh7PRm8", "stitle": "Naperville approves recreational marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "Naperville approve recreational marijuana", "seg_content": "NAPERVILLE , Ill. -- Naperville will permit its first legal sale of recreational marijuana . The Naperville City Council voted Tuesday night to allow the opening of up to three pot dispensaries . They will not be allowed within 250 feet of residential areas . Naperville currently has a medical marijuana dispensary on Quincy Avenue . It 's expected to add recreational marijuana to its offerings . New businesses may submit their own proposals , starting immediately .", "url": "https://wgntv.com/news/chicago-news/naperville-approves-recreational-marijuana/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3645232207648169, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh7WAlY", "stitle": "Kids exposed to simulated sex and graphic images in `` dark side '' of popular computer game Roblox", "seg_title_stem": "kid expose to simulated sex and graphic image in `` dark side '' of popular computer game roblox", "seg_content": "Popular gaming platform Roblox is under scrutiny over so-called `` condo games '' that could expose young users to naked figures , simulated sex and crude language . Operators of Roblox say the platform , which enables people to program their own games and play games created by others , is used by at least half of American kids under age 16 . `` Condo videos are basically , um , they 're like the dark side of Roblox , '' 19-year-old user Dylan Lemus-Olson told CBS News consumer investigative correspondent Anna Werner . Lemus-Olson goes by `` Dazzely '' on Roblox . In his YouTube channel videos , he looks at `` condo games '' or `` condo videos , '' which he called the `` bad side '' of the platform . He claims many of these videos had been removed from YouTube , with copyright infringement listed as the reason . Roblox is often played on a smartphone , tablet or laptop , and enables kids to create themselves as virtual characters and explore different environments , pretend they are superheroes , raise pets and even invent their own games . Some of these games , according to an article published in Fast Company , are written in computer code that bypasses Roblox 's child safety filters . That results in `` condo videos '' -- images of naked characters who simulate sex acts and use crude language in accompanying online chats . `` Roblox has made a world where kids can build whatever they want and with condo games , what they want is to be much more grown-up than I think anyone imagines they would try , '' Fast Company Editor at Large Burt Helm said . Helm had been looking into `` condo games '' for several months . He compared them to a house party `` where the parents are out of town . '' `` But the most shocking thing is that you see characters that are naked , and you see that kids have coded ways for these characters to have sex , '' he said . Aside from that , Helm said he found some users even going as far as trying to get kids to start separate , private conversations with them on a different app . `` And you do n't know if someone is actually an adult pretending to be a child or with very bad intentions , '' he said . Roblox declined an on-camera interview request but said it has `` no tolerance for inappropriate content or behavior '' . The company said it has `` a stringent safety system in place , '' including monitoring content created by users , acting quickly on reports of inappropriate content and continually evolving its defense systems . However , `` condo games '' may not be where the issues end : Louisiana mom Deranda Bordelon said she was playing a regular Roblox game called `` Adopt Me ! '' with her 8-year-old daughter when someone grabbed the mother 's character and took it to bed to simulate a sex act . `` She snatched me back up , and now she 's doin ' stuff to me , '' Bordelon said in a video recording of the incident . Bordelon recounted the incident to CBS News . `` All of a sudden she brought me to this other room and took her clothes off and was asking me to take my clothes off and just all kind of , you know , adult stuff that should n't be for kids , '' she said . `` It 's not appropriate for kids . I 'm very disappointed in the game , '' her fiance Jason Handley added . The game platform said it is investigating Bordelon 's report . The developers of `` Adopt Me ! '' said they take the safety of players seriously and adhere to Roblox 's set of stringent safety protocols , and pledge to take swift action against any player who breaks the rules . Roblox did not comment on Lemus-Olson 's video removals but says it reports any suspected child exploitation to authorities .", "url": "https://www.cbsnews.com/news/roblox-condo-games-kids-exposed-pornographic-scenes-sex-acts/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000050067901611}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000050067901611}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.33282411161113695, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh7bN86", "stitle": "` Crazy Rich Asians ' author Kevin Kwan talks about his new book , ` Sex and Vanity ' | Frank Buckley Interviews", "seg_title_stem": "` Crazy Rich Asians ' author Kevin Kwan talk about he new book , ` sex and Vanity ' | Frank Buckley interview", "seg_content": "Kevin Kwan is the author of Crazy Rich Asians , the international best-selling novel that became a ground-breaking and box office-shattering movie of the same title directed by Jon M. Chu . The movie grossed more than $ 238 million and became Hollywood 's highest grossing romantic comedy in 10 years . It was also the first major studio movie to feature a majority Asian cast in 25 years . Kevin Kwan 's books have been translated into 30 languages . The Crazy Rich Asians trilogy also included China Rich Girlfriend and Rich People Problems . At one point in 2018 , the three books held the top three spots on the New York Times Bestsellers List . His new book is Sex and Vanity . During this podcast , Kevin discusses Sex and Vanity , the success of Crazy Rich Asians , his writing process , and racism directed against Asian Americans in the midst of the Covid 19 pandemic . Related show links : Subscribe to `` Frank Buckley Interviews '' : Apple Podcasts | RSS Twitter : FrankBuckleyTV Facebook : FrankBuckley Instagram : Email : About the Podcast : `` Frank Buckley Interviews '' More podcasts from KTLA : Coronavirus Daily | Spoken Dreams | The News Director 's Office | California Cooking | Rich On Tech | Diva Defined with Sheryl Lee Ralph | Home Made with Kirk Hawkins | Mama Mentality with Megan Telles | Keepin ' It Friel : Conversations on Recovery | Friends with Friends", "url": "https://ktla.com/podcasts/frank-buckley-interviews/crazy-rich-asians-author-kevin-kwan-talks-about-his-new-book-sex-and-vanity/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223, "Society": 0.9218044877052307}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "Society_Other": 0.9218044877052307}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09746676128484462, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh7eXbV", "stitle": "Deaf filmmaker uses vibrating suit to ` feel ' music", "seg_title_stem": "deaf filmmaker use vibrate suit to ` feel ' music", "seg_content": "Filmmaker Chase Burton uses a vibrating suit that lets him `` feel '' rather than hear sounds . Made by Not Impossible Labs , it 's a new way of experiencing music -- for both deaf and hearing audiences .", "url": "https://www.kxly.com/i/deaf-filmmaker-uses-vibrating-suit-to-feel-music/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.8855611681938171}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.8855611681938171}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07499516889754705, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh7l8Bi", "stitle": "St. Paul Road traffic stop yields ` significant ' amount of pills , marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "St. Paul Road traffic stop yield ` significant ' amount of pill , marijuana", "seg_content": "A Leitchfield man has been arrested on multiple drug charges after a traffic stop on St. Paul Road . Wednesday morning at approximately 1:15 , Grayson County Sheriff 's Office Sgt. Zane Greer was stationary near the St. Paul Road-Salt River Road intersection when he observed a Ford F150 driving recklessly as it turned left onto St. Paul Road from Salt River Road . Greer conducted a traffic stop in the 4000 block of St. Paul Road and made contact with the driver , 22-year-old Alexander Madison . Greer immediately detected a strong odor of marijuana coming from the truck , which also contained a female juvenile . Madison was given a field sobriety test and arrested . During a search of the truck , Greer and Deputy Sean Fentress located a `` significant '' amount of marijuana and a `` significant '' number of gabapentin and other pills . Madison was charged with DUI , trafficking in marijuana , two counts of possession of a controlled substance -LRB- opiates , drug unspecified -RRB- , prescription controlled substance not in its proper container , careless driving , and possession of drug paraphernalia , along with other charges . He was lodged in the Grayson County Detention Center . By Ken Howlett , News Director Contact Ken at ken@k105.com", "url": "http://www.k105.com/2020/08/19/st-paul-road-traffic-stop-yields-significant-amount-of-pills-marijuana/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 0.5166181325912476}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Traffic": 0.5166181325912476}, "third_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Traffic_Other": 0.5166181325912476}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04788617435906653, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh81snJ", "stitle": "EFL Trophy draw : Nicky Butt has ` no conflict of interest ' despite Man Utd and Salford City being in same group", "seg_title_stem": "EFL trophy draw : Nicky Butt have ` no conflict of interest ' despite man utd and Salford City be in same group", "seg_content": "Nicky Butt is expected to be cleared by the English Football League over any potential conflict of interest when Manchester United face Salford City in the EFL Trophy . Butt is currently head of first-team development at Manchester United and owns a 10 per cent stake in League Two side Salford alongside former United team-mates Paul Scholes , Ryan Giggs , Gary Neville , Phil Neville and David Beckham . The two clubs were drawn in Group B of the Northern Section , alongside Morecambe and Rochdale , for the first round of the EFL Trophy , but i can reveal that discussions took place before the draw and EFL officials are relaxed about the two clubs meeting in the competition despite Butt 's involvement . The EFL maintains the power in the EFL Trophy 's early stages to keep clubs apart for various reasons and could have done so with United and Salford if there were concerns . The organisers try to avoid club rivalries , such as Newcastle United vs Sunderland or Southampton vs Portsmouth , to keep pressure on local police forces to a minimum . They also aim to keep operational costs as low as possible so clubs do not have to travel far to play one another . Manchester United entered a team , which must have at least six of the starting XI aged under 21 , for the first time last season . At the time , the EFL held talks with United about the potential conflict of interest that may be faced if Butt , who was head of academy at the time , came up against his own club . Salford were also aware of discussions . But those involved were comfortable that Butt is not involved in an operational role at Salford and nor is he in charge of the United side who will play against them . Butt , 45 , was promoted to head of first-team development in July last year and Manchester United described the role on their website as working `` closely with the manager and the first team coaching staff to continue the strong bond between the academy and the first team , to create a seamless journey for young players stepping up to the next level . He will continue to be a key contributor on all major academy decisions and will be part of the Technical Board on wider football leadership . '' Upon announcing their intention to enter the competition last June , Butt said : `` We are looking forward to being involved in the EFL Trophy . The competition provides a range of experiences that will act as the ideal platform for the development of our homegrown talent . '' We are always looking to be innovative in order to find the best development path for our young players ; the opportunity to face senior opponents will benefit them greatly . '' Follow i sport on Facebook for more Manchester United news , interviews and features", "url": "https://inews.co.uk/sport/football/nicky-butt-manchester-united-salford-city-efl-trophy-draw-583036", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Soccer": 1.000009536743164}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Soccer_Other": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.36606731345300647, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'condom': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh83j1a", "stitle": "Talking about risky sex can cut rates of STIs , new medical guidelines say", "seg_title_stem": "talk about risky sex can cut rate of sti , new medical guideline say", "seg_content": "Cases of sexually transmitted infections in the U.S. could be significantly reduced if younger patients got counseling about risky behavior during regular medical checkups , an influential panel of health experts says in its latest guidance . In a statement issued Tuesday , the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommends behavioral counseling for all sexually active adolescents , as well as for adults at high risk for STIs . Of the estimated 20 million new STIs every year in the U.S. , 50 percent are among young people ages 15 to 24 . At the same time , rates of the sexually transmitted diseases chlamydia , gonorrhea and syphilis have reached all-time highs in the U.S. , according to the most recent report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Clearly , something needs to be done . `` Counseling interventions can actually potentially reduce the rate of sexually transmitted infection by about a third , '' said Dr. Melissa Simon , a task force member who is a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine . `` That 's astonishing '' The new guidelines , which are updated every six to eight years , shorten the time doctors , nurses or other health workers are advised to spend with patients discussing risky sex behavior . Previously , the guidelines recommended group counseling or multiple sessions lasting as long as two hours . The new recommendation cuts the intervention to 30 minutes or less , which can be completed in a single session . Videos , texts messages or websites that give instructions about condom use and how infections are spread or offer motivation for safer sex practices can be visited on the patient 's own time , outside the medical office . `` Using behavioral interventions could be a good way to reverse the increase in sexual infections that we 've seen , '' said Dr. Jason Zucker , an infectious diseases expert at the Columbia University Irving Medical Center . The guidelines target sexually active teenagers or adults who are more likely to get STIs . That 's defined as having had an STI within the past year , not regularly using condoms , having multiple sex partners or being part of a community with high STI rates . The new guidelines are a step in the right direction , but risky behaviors are n't always obvious or just about multiple partners , said Dr. Edward Hook , a professor of medicine at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . `` Over half of women who get chlamydia infections in the United States have only had a single sexual partner in the last three to six months , '' he said . If untreated , STIs can cause infertility , cancer or AIDS . `` The topic should not be as taboo as it tends to be '' Simon said .", "url": "https://www.nbcnews.com/health/sexual-health/talking-about-risky-sex-can-cut-rates-sexually-transmitted-infections-n1237167", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.000009298324585}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.000009298324585}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007913886791565999, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh8LO58", "stitle": "Michigan 's Marijuana Regulatory Agency puts the kibosh on weed delivery to sports bar customers", "seg_title_stem": "Michigan 's Marijuana Regulatory Agency put the kibosh on weed delivery to sport bar customer", "seg_content": "A partnership that would have seen a marijuana dispensary bring legal pot to customers at a sports bar in Michigan 's Thumb is a no-go after officials at the Marijuana Regulatory Agency quashed it due to regulations on where cannabis can be delivered . The deal was between Freddie 's marijuana dispensary in Clio and Water Tower Sports Pub in Lexington . Freddie 's planned to deliver orders to customers in the Water Tower Sports Pub parking lot on Fridays . But on Tuesday , the MRA informed the owners that marijuana deliveries can only be delivered to a customer 's home . `` We have since learned from the Marijuana Regulatory Agency that , contrary to our earlier understanding , all deliveries must be made to the customer 's residence , '' they wrote in a statement . `` Therefore , Freddie 's is unable to deliver to Water Tower Sports Pub . '' They added , `` We apologize for the error , but Freddie 's will be making amends . '' Instead , Freddie 's will expand home delivery to the Lexington and Port Huron areas . Customers will receive a $ 10 coupon to the Water Tower Sports Pub . `` Water Tower Sports Pub was fantastic to work with and we want to keep that relationship going , '' Freddie 's owner Barry Goodman said in a statement . `` They have an outstanding restaurant with a great menu . '' Water Tower Sports Pub is known for its craft beers and Detroit-style pizza . `` Pizza and pot are a great combination , '' Goodman added . It 's a new era for marijuana in Michigan . Sign up for our weekly weed newsletter , delivered every Tuesday at 4:20 p.m.", "url": "https://www.metrotimes.com/detroit/michigans-marijuana-regulatory-agency-puts-the-kibosh-on-weed-delivery-to-sports-bar-customers/Content?oid=25163818", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04297595963186316, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh8LU8G", "stitle": "First Mover : Money Legos Turn ` Exuberant ' as Chainlink Stripped of ` DeFi '", "seg_title_stem": "First Mover : Money Legos turn ` exuberant ' as Chainlink Stripped of ` DeFi '", "seg_content": "Exuberant dancers . -LRB- Christy Gallois/Flickr Creative Commons , modified by CoinDesk -RRB- You 're reading First Mover , CoinDesk 's daily markets newsletter . Assembled by the CoinDesk Markets Team , First Mover starts your day with the most up-to-date sentiment around crypto markets , which of course never close , putting in context every wild swing in bitcoin and more . We follow the money so you do n't have to . You can subscribe here . A sell-off on Tuesday did n't fit into any neat investment pattern : The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index of U.S. stocks rose to a record , in a move widely attributed to the Federal Reserve 's trillion-dollar money injections , which theoretically could produce inflation . Bitcoin is seen by many investors as an inflation hedge , but gold prices , a traditional inflation hedge , rose . And the dollar fell , which also should theoretically push up bitcoin prices , since the cryptocurrency is denominated in dollars . It 's been a `` summer of crazy returns , '' Arcane wrote Tuesday in a report . There are plenty of instances , most notably the recent mania in fresh-off-the-run `` yield farming '' tokens like Compound 's COMP and the now-kaput YAM . CoinDesk 's Paddy Baker reported early Wednesday news of another DeFi protocol , Spaghetti Money , which has no public figurehead or audited code , and it just attracted $ 200 million . Entrepreneurs say they 're racing to build a better version of banks , trading firms and insurance companies , using blockchain technology and decentralized networks in concert to cut out rent-seeking middlemen ; projects are supposedly controlled by `` autonomous '' governance systems . It 's all part of the industry spirit , which often seems like it 's live , but is still in beta and using real money . And the sums are getting larger , fast . An index of 11 DeFi tokens created by the cryptocurrency exchange FTX has more than doubled in the past two months . Total value locked in DeFi systems , the most common way of measuring their success , has surged almost 10-fold this year to $ 6.8 billion , according to the website DeFi Pulse . Chainlink -LRB- LINK -RRB- rises to record despite apparently not being a DeFi token : The token for the decentralized finance -LRB- DeFi -RRB- oracle provider has continued its price rally , a 10-fold increase since a market sell-off in March . Searches for `` chainlink '' as well as the token 's trading volumes have soared . The project 's market capitalization has also surpassed bitcoin cash 's -LRB- BCH -RRB- , now the fifth highest among all digital assets at $ 6.2 billion , according to CoinGecko . Mati Greenspan , the founder of analyst firm Quantitative Economics , told CoinDesk some investors may be getting in over their heads . And the data firm Messari wrote Tuesday that Chainlink is n't technically a DeFi token because its price-feed service `` in and of itself is not financial in nature . '' YEarn.finance -LRB- YFI -RRB- skyrocketed on newly poured-in money : Prices for the governance token for the yEarn.finance have exploded since mid-July as investors flooded into the project . YEarn.finance , an aggregator of multiple lending protocols , optimizes for the highest yields for its users through several DeFi trading strategies . YFI holders can determine the overall direction of the protocol . CoinGecko shows YFI 's prices shot up to around $ 11,275 on Tuesday , an increase of more than 300-fold just since last month . The token 's limited supply -- only 30,000 in total -- is said to be a factor in the price increase , and YEarn founder Andre Cronje told CoinDesk that traders ' application of YFI in some other DeFi protocols may have contributed to the price surge . Hive -LRB- HIVE -RRB- still trading at a premium to Steem : HIVE , the token resulting from a hard fork of Steem , changed hands at $ 0.269 on Tuesday versus the STEEM token 's $ 0.245 , according to CoinGecko . The fight between the Tron Foundation and the Steem community was detailed Tuesday in Decrypt . The acquisition of Steemit Inc by Justin Sun 's Tron Foundation triggered widespread anger and fear that Sun might use the acquired Steem tokens to influence the community . The drama led to a hard fork and the creation of Hive . Disclosure The leader in blockchain news , CoinDesk is a media outlet that strives for the highest journalistic standards and abides by a strict set of editorial policies . CoinDesk is an independent operating subsidiary of Digital Currency Group , which invests in cryptocurrencies and blockchain startups .", "url": "https://www.coindesk.com/first-mover-bitcoin-chainlink-defi", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0069014851221038806, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh8MfrA", "stitle": "High demand for medical marijuana causes shortage in Arkansas", "seg_title_stem": "high demand for medical marijuana cause shortage in Arkansas", "seg_content": "FORT SMITH , Ark. -LRB- KFSM -RRB- -- There are several questions in both Northwest Arkansas and the River Valley regarding medical marijuana dispensaries and the struggle to meet the needs of Arkansans . Patient Carla Thompson says if medical marijuana does n't become more available in Arkansas she may have to go to Oklahoma . `` Like right now I 'm almost out so tomorrow I will probably have to go online and search around and try to find somewhere that has something , '' Thompson said . Thompson and many other patients say finding access to the medicine they need is almost impossible . She says her local dispensary , Fort Cannabis Company , struggles to keep its shelves full of any strain . `` Mostly from just anything we ran completely out of flower for two weeks now , '' said Fort Cannabis Manager Alisha . Alisha said the amount they order from their cultivators often does n't show up in full . `` We need this many pounds and they will send us half that sometimes , '' Alisha said . And when they get a shipment , it 's gone fast . `` With them being the only one in Sebastian County when they do get a supply in the line is wrapped around the building , '' Thompson said . Acanza and Releaf Center in Northwest Arkansas both face the same problem . Arkansas Medical Marijuana Commissioner Travis Story says there are plenty of flowers out there . `` It seems that there is supply in the product available in the system and so that 's kind of the responsibility of the individual dispensaries , '' Story said . Story says as of July , three cultivators were fully functional and two were still harvesting and preparing to ship production . The commission has approved licenses for three additional cultivation facilities . While the reason for shortages remains up in the air , the issue is clear , patients ca n't get their medication . It 's a problem Thompson says she 's tired of driving up to 100 miles to Conway or Little Rock . She says if something does n't change , she might have to take her business across the Oklahoma border with a temporary license . `` Where I live that 's just about 5 or 10 miles away , I 'm close to Pocola and the Roland border so that 's what I 'm thinking about doing , '' Thompson said . `` People are spending money in Oklahoma , why not have the money here in Arkansas where we need it instead of taking the money out of state somewhere else . '' How To Entirely Empty Your Bowels Each Morning -LRB- 1 Min ... By United Naturals - Gut Connect This gave me higher energy levels , improved mood , less fatigue , fewer digestive issues , better weight management and a deeper , more restful sleep .", "url": "https://www.koamnewsnow.com/high-demand-for-medical-marijuana-causes-shortage-in-arkansas/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014663695850676735, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh8Tf2L", "stitle": "Lake Co. . Sheriff Seeks Suspects in Burglary at Baldwin Cannabis Dispensary", "seg_title_stem": "Lake Co. . Sheriff Seeks Suspects in Burglary at Baldwin Cannabis Dispensary", "seg_content": "The lake County Sheriff 's Office is looking for at least two suspects involved in a burglary at a cannabis dispensary . It happened before 3 a.m. on Sunday when Deputies responded to an alarm at The Green Door in Baldwin . K9 officers tracked the suspects across the street to the Baldwin Canoe Rental where Deputies say suspects had driven away in a small SUV or mini-van . The sheriff 's office is asking anyone with surveillance video of M-37 to check their cameras for August 16 between 2:20 AM and 3:20 AM . Anyone with information should contact Detective Lieutenant Brad Nixon at -LRB-231-RRB- 745-2712 or -LRB-231-RRB- 679-0051 . The Green Door is offering a $ 1000 reward for any information leading to the arrest .", "url": "https://www.9and10news.com/2020/08/19/lake-co-sheriff-seeks-suspects-in-burglary-at-baldwin-cannabis-dispensary/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008756611389624289, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh8YWQz", "stitle": "New medical marijuana provisioning center in Mt. Morris offers an elevated experience", "seg_title_stem": "New medical marijuana provision center in Mt. Morris offer a elevated experience", "seg_content": "MT. MORRIS TOWNSHIP , MI -- A new business has taken over the space where a former Denny 's restaurant was once housed . The menu will look a little different . Skymint opened for its first day of business on Monday , Aug. 17 . The medical marijuana provisioning center is one of many locations for the company throughout the state . The business , located at 4405 W Pierson Road , is a neighbor to businesses such as Red Lobster , Tim Hortons , Discount Tire Co. and Belle Tire . Products in the store range from medical marijuana to CBD , t-shirts , cookbooks , lotion and even dog treats . The most expensive product in the store will run customers about $ 100 , which is either a half ounce or one of the special concentrates , said Taura Williams , general manager for Skymint . Williams said the store offers an elevated experience to medical marijuana card holders . `` We operate more on a retail level , versus just strictly dispensary . So , you get that retail experience when you come in , '' Williams said . When customers enter the store , they 're greeted by an employee and checked in . It 's part of the `` elevated '' experience of the store , Williams further explained . In 2019 , the Mt. Morris Township Planning Commission approved the provisioning center at the former Denny 's . The Skymint brand is owned by Green Peak Innovations , one of the largest marijuana growing operations in the state . Store hours are 11 a.m. - 7 p.m. Monday through Saturday and 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. on Sunday .", "url": "https://www.mlive.com/news/flint/2020/08/new-medical-marijuana-provisioning-center-in-mt-morris-offers-an-elevated-experience.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007081217967290556, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh8Yi4p", "stitle": "More than 1,100 pounds of marijuana seized at US-Canada border in furniture truck", "seg_title_stem": "more than 1,100 pound of marijuana seize at us-canada border in furniture truck", "seg_content": "PORT HURON , MI -- A truck that supposedly was carrying office furniture was found to have more than 1,100 pounds inside it at the U.S.-Canada border . Customs and Border Protection Office of Field Operations Officers at the Blue Water Bridge in Port Huron conducted an examination of a truck Monday , Aug. 17 , that 'd reported it was carrying furniture to destinations across the state of Michigan . Officers uncovered more than 1,114 pounds of marijuana in vacuum-sealed packages concealed in cardboard boxes and loaded onto wooden pallets inside the truck , per U.S. Customs and Border Protection . The U.S. Customs and Border Protection 's Detroit Field Office , which covers all ports of entry throughout Michigan , has reported a significant increase in narcotics seized since essential travel restrictions were enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic . A restriction of all non-essential travel -- recreation , tourism , or entertainment purposes -- across the border that had been set to expire Aug. 21 was recently extended until Sept. 21 by Canadian officials . CBP Field Operations has seized over 4,400 pounds of marijuana since March at ports of entry across the state . `` Even during a pandemic , traffickers continue to attempt to exploit our borders and will stop at nothing to try and introduce illicit drugs into our communities , '' said Port Director Michael Fox , who oversees operations at the Port Huron Area Port of Entry , in a prepared statement . `` Our officers remain steadfast in their commitment to protecting our borders from all types of criminal activity . ''", "url": "https://www.mlive.com/news/flint/2020/08/more-than-1100-pounds-of-marijuana-seized-at-us-canada-border-in-furniture-truck.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.8767233490943909}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.8767233490943909}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0474404259028359, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh8ddyx", "stitle": "At Work With Daniel Sena , the Marketing Exec Who Turns Hemp Water and Wine into Gold", "seg_title_stem": "at work with Daniel Sena , the Marketing Exec who turn Hemp Water and Wine into Gold", "seg_content": "In Rolling Stone ` s series At Work , we go behind the curtain with decision-makers across the fast-changing music business -- exploring a range of responsibilities , burgeoning ideas , advice for industry newcomers , and more . Read earlier interviews here . Interscope was n't a wine company until Daniel Sena decided otherwise . Sena , the label 's head of strategic marketing , has no shortage of unconventional ideas to leverage music as a marketing tool . Take Electric Sky , Interscope 's wine brand , which makes shatterproof single-serving glasses , perfect for concerts and music festivals . It 's just one of many projects he 's spearheaded . Sena also led the charge to broker major brand partnerships like Imagine Dragons ' collaboration with Southwest Airlines , making headlines as passengers were given an in-flight acoustic show , and he helped catapult X-Ambassadors ' `` Renegades '' to a 2015 jeep commercial campaign ; later that year , the song went platinum . Recently , Sena and Interscope helped One Republic frontman Ryan Tedder launch a hemp-infused water line called Mad Tasty , debuting that product at Coachella last year . `` I really enjoy when the artists have a vision , '' says Sena , a 14-year music industry veteran with previous stints at Immortal Records and Sony Music . `` My job is helping them be able to facilitate and support that vision . '' Sena spoke with Rolling Stone about how brand marketing at labels has changed , how the pandemic forced him to pivot , and how he 's turned ad campaigns into hits . Walk us through what a typical workday . It 's a lot of e-mails when I wake up in the morning , a lot of phone calls . There are meetings that have already been set up and then a lot of tasks that sort of come out of left field throughout the day . But usually the people I 'm working with on a daily basis are the Interscope staff and our brand and agency partners . And of course it 's working with our artists ' managers about different projects and timelines and getting these partnerships going . You 're in a business built around live events and activations . How have brand deals changed through the pandemic ? How do you pivot ? All that we had planned for March , April , May and June -- all of these activations that we 've been working months on prior to that -- it almost became a dry-erase board that was erased when we left to quarantine . A lot of the things that we 'd been looking at doing did n't make a lot of sense anymore . Production shoots or artist travel , that 's not an option anymore . We 've had to recalibrate and come up with new campaigns in the interim . It 's been a bit of a moving target . You know , a lot of the things that are happening in culture and in society right now are unpredictable . We 're sort of creating as we go along here . Some of that can be our own doing where a song is moving a release date and we 've got an ad campaign that was set to launch with that song . So it 's having to solve the discrepancy and dates on that . Or we were set to do a production shoot and suddenly the state is going back into lockdown or new restrictions are imposed , and how are we going to be able to do this safely or do we have to move the date of the shoot ? There are a lot of things like that that add tremendous complexity . Between the wine brand , and all the different song and album promotions your team has come up with , you seem to be willing to try so many different things . Where does that come from ? The thing with Interscope is that we pride ourselves on thinking outside the box and that goes to anything from the campaigns we do for our artists to bringing new products to the marketplace . Whether that 's chartering a Southwest Airlines plane from city to city with Imagine Dragons and 150 fans , or working with Bud Light and Lady Gaga to concoct the Dive Bar tour to promote a new album , or smaller scale stuff like partnering Yungblud with Xbox for him to learn to drive via a driving game because he 's stuck in quarantine , we run the gamut of what we 're doing with brands . Part of the challenge is managing our bandwidth because we enter these partnerships and we 're in it for a long time for the execution phase . So how do you market something like a drink compared to albums ? It 's not like we 'll be seeing the cans in Interscope music videos the way Jimmy Iovine pushed with Beats . This is where you can grow it from an organic standpoint . We 'll have Mad Tasty at Interscope parties and events , and it 'll be there when artists have album release events . And it 's already been at cool cultural events like our Grammy parties in January or Coachella parties . We 'll put it there , but we want it to feel organic as a trial experience , and if people like it , they 'll engage with it . In today 's streaming-based music industry , what used to be the ancillary parts of artists ' businesses are becoming increasingly important . How do partnerships and marketing reflect that change ? I think the industry has evolved a lot , and the brands have taken on a heightened importance in the ecosystem of the marketing rollout of an artist 's project . Now , when you sit at a marketing meeting to discuss the launch of a project , you 've got your traditional sort of tentpoles . You 've got the radio team there , you 've got the press there . You 've got the music video content team there . You 've got the sales and streaming team there . But equally at that table , now you 've also got the brand team there and you 're asking about `` who are the brand partners that we 're going to have around an album release ? '' It helps with media amplification and brings visibility to help make a hit single . You 've talked before about launching X-Ambassadors ' `` Renegades , '' which became a major hit for the band . Is there a strategy you think is most successful for matching music to ads ? What 's the difference between starting a hit and a song getting lost ? The right campaign helped take this unknown band that was from Brooklyn , touring in a broken down church van , and put their music out there for the world to hear and show what special artists they are . When you see those commercials airing in primetime moments , or you 're overseas at a restaurant and you hear the song come on the radio and you had a part to play in that , it 's gratifying . That 's really special . It 's hard because we 've had similar opportunities where we 've had a song featured in a really great piece of creative with a big brand advertising campaign behind it , and it did n't react in the way that we had hoped . A lot of reasons can contribute to that . There is no secret recipe , believe me . If there was , we 'd be replicating it in every instance . It 's such a crowded space for one 's attention , that we really have surround the track with a combination . That 's where we really get all components of Interscope working in conjunction with one another . So our digital and our social teams in conjunction with our streaming strategy and our radio , our press and getting the right looks and opportunities with our brand partners and our film and TV . If there 's a recipe for success , it 's that sort of alignment . Plenty of artists have been reluctant to take part in these types of partnerships or syncs because they think they 're selling out . Is it ever difficult to get artists to jump on what could be a crucial marketing chance ? The team and I are serious about being a filter for deducing whether or not an opportunity makes sense for the artist before we even bring it to them . When it does n't feel right or it feels like it 's just a cash grab , we 'll avoid it . It 's got ta be an authentic partnership , and it has to make sense for the artist , because if it does n't it is n't good for the brand or the artist . Some artists feel more strongly than others about aligning their name , their likeness , their music with a brand . We do have some artists who do n't do a lot of brand partnerships . But I think that over the years , the stigma that used to exist about selling out and aligning with the brand has been sort of removed . Now it 's more about finding the right partnerships that reinforce an artist 's aesthetic and making the right decisions that provide visibility for a song . Is there a piece of advice that 's stuck with you over the years ? It 's just to never take a day for granted . And also , invest in the new crop of personnel and employees that are coming up through the industry . The power of mentorship is important . I 've had some incredible mentors over the years , and the notion that I can be one to somebody entering the industry right now is particularly gratifying .", "url": "https://www.rollingstone.com/pro/features/at-work-with-daniel-sena-the-marketing-exec-who-turns-hemp-water-and-wine-into-gold-1046356/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9963193535804749}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9963193535804749}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.9963193535804749}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4742381076642225, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'condom': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh8j5bi", "stitle": "Doctors should talk about risky sex to teens , guidelines say", "seg_title_stem": "doctor should talk about risky sex to teens , guideline say", "seg_content": "Cases of sexually transmitted infections in the U.S. could be significantly reduced if younger patients got counseling about risky behavior during regular medical checkups , an influential panel of health experts says in its latest guidance . In a statement issued Tuesday , the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommends behavioral counseling for all sexually active adolescents , as well as for adults at high risk for STIs . Of the estimated 20 million new STIs every year in the U.S. , 50 percent are among young people ages 15 to 24 . At the same time , rates of the sexually transmitted diseases chlamydia , gonorrhea and syphilis have reached all-time highs in the U.S. , according to the most recent report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Clearly , something needs to be done . `` Counseling interventions can actually potentially reduce the rate of sexually transmitted infection by about a third , '' said Dr. Melissa Simon , a task force member who is a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine . `` That 's astonishing '' The new guidelines , which are updated every six to eight years , shorten the time doctors , nurses or other health workers are advised to spend with patients discussing risky sex behavior . Previously , the guidelines recommended group counseling or multiple sessions lasting as long as two hours . The new recommendation cuts the intervention to 30 minutes or less , which can be completed in a single session . Videos , texts messages or websites that give instructions about condom use and how infections are spread or offer motivation for safer sex practices can be visited on the patient 's own time , outside the medical office . `` Using behavioral interventions could be a good way to reverse the increase in sexual infections that we 've seen , '' said Dr. Jason Zucker , an infectious diseases expert at the Columbia University Irving Medical Center . The guidelines target sexually active teenagers or adults who are more likely to get STIs . That 's defined as having had an STI within the past year , not regularly using condoms , having multiple sex partners or being part of a community with high STI rates . The new guidelines are a step in the right direction , but risky behaviors are n't always obvious or just about multiple partners , said Dr. Edward Hook , a professor of medicine at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . `` Over half of women who get chlamydia infections in the United States have only had a single sexual partner in the last three to six months , '' he said . If untreated , STIs can cause infertility , cancer or AIDS . `` The topic should not be as taboo as it tends to be '' Simon said .", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/doctors-should-talk-about-risky-sex-to-teens-guidelines-say/ar-BB189glN", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.000009298324585}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.000009298324585}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.023834299806829457, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh97OXc", "stitle": "At Work With Daniel Sena , the Marketing Exec Who Turns Hemp Water and Wine into Gold", "seg_title_stem": "at work with Daniel Sena , the Marketing Exec who turn Hemp Water and Wine into Gold", "seg_content": "In Rolling Stone ` s series At Work , we go behind the curtain with decision-makers across the fast-changing music business -- exploring a range of responsibilities , burgeoning ideas , advice for industry newcomers , and more . Read earlier interviews here . Interscope was n't a wine company until Daniel Sena decided otherwise . Sena , the label 's head of strategic marketing , has no shortage of unconventional ideas to leverage music as a marketing tool . Take Electric Sky , Interscope 's wine brand , which makes shatterproof single-serving glasses , perfect for concerts and music festivals . It 's just one of many projects he 's spearheaded . Sena also led the charge to broker major brand partnerships like Imagine Dragons ' collaboration with Southwest Airlines , making headlines as passengers were given an in-flight acoustic show , and he helped catapult X-Ambassadors ' `` Renegades '' to a 2015 Jeep commercial campaign ; later that year , the song went platinum . Recently , Sena and Interscope helped One Republic frontman Ryan Tedder launch a hemp-infused water line called Mad Tasty , debuting that product at Coachella last year . `` I really enjoy when the artists have a vision , '' says Sena , a 14-year music-industry veteran with previous stints at Immortal Records and Sony Music . `` My job is helping them be able to facilitate and support that vision . '' Sena spoke with Rolling Stone about how brand marketing at labels has changed , how the pandemic forced him to pivot , and how he 's turned ad campaigns into hits . Walk us through a typical workday . It 's a lot of emails when I wake up in the morning , a lot of phone calls . There are meetings that have already been set up , and then a lot of tasks that sort of come out of left field throughout the day . But usually , the people I 'm working with on a daily basis are the Interscope staff and our brand and agency partners . And , of course , it 's working with our artists ' managers about different projects and timelines , and getting these partnerships going . You 're in a business built around live events and activations . How have brand deals changed through the pandemic ? How do you pivot ? All that we had planned for March , April , May , and June -- all of these activations that we 've been working months on prior to that -- it almost became a dry-erase board that was erased when we left to quarantine . A lot of the things that we 'd been looking at doing did n't make a lot of sense anymore . Production shoots or artist travel , that 's not an option anymore . We 've had to recalibrate and come up with new campaigns in the interim . It 's been a bit of a moving target . You know , a lot of the things that are happening in culture and in society right now are unpredictable . We 're sort of creating as we go along here . Some of that can be our own doing , where a song is moving a release date and we 've got an ad campaign that was set to launch with that song . So it 's having to solve the discrepancy and dates on that . Or we were set to do a production shoot and suddenly the state is going back into lockdown or new restrictions are imposed , and how are we going to be able to do this safely or do we have to move the date of the shoot ? There are a lot of things like that that add tremendous complexity . Between the wine brand , and all the different song and album promotions your team has come up with , you seem to be willing to try so many different things . Where does that come from ? The thing with Interscope is that we pride ourselves on thinking outside the box , and that goes to anything from the campaigns we do for our artists to bringing new products to the marketplace . Whether that 's chartering a Southwest Airlines plane from city to city with Imagine Dragons and 150 fans , or working with Bud Light and Lady Gaga to concoct the Dive Bar Tour to promote a new album , or smaller-scale stuff like partnering Yungblud with Xbox for him to learn to drive via a driving game because he 's stuck in quarantine , we run the gamut of what we 're doing with brands . Part of the challenge is managing our bandwidth , because we enter these partnerships and we 're in it for a long time for the execution phase . So how do you market something like a drink compared with albums ? It 's not like we 'll be seeing the cans in Interscope music videos the way Jimmy Iovine pushed with Beats . This is where you can grow it from an organic standpoint . We 'll have Mad Tasty at Interscope parties and events , and it 'll be there when artists have album-release events . And it 's already been at cool cultural events like our Grammy parties in January or Coachella parties . We 'll put it there , but we want it to feel organic as a trial experience , and if people like it , they 'll engage with it . In today 's streaming-based music industry , what used to be the ancillary parts of artists ' businesses are becoming increasingly important . How do partnerships and marketing reflect that change ? I think the industry has evolved a lot , and the brands have taken on a heightened importance in the ecosystem of the marketing rollout of an artist 's project . Now , when you sit at a marketing meeting to discuss the launch of a project , you 've got your traditional sort of tent poles . You 've got the radio team there , you 've got the press there . You 've got the music-video content team there . You 've got the sales and streaming team there . But equally at that table , now you 've also got the brand team there , and you 're asking about `` who are the brand partners that we 're going to have around an album release ? '' It helps with media amplification and brings visibility to help make a hit single . You 've talked before about launching X-Ambassadors ' `` Renegades , '' which became a major hit for the band . Is there a strategy you think is most successful for matching music to ads ? What 's the difference between starting a hit and a song getting lost ? The right campaign helped take this unknown band that was from Brooklyn , touring in a broken-down church van , and put their music out there for the world to hear and show what special artists they are . When you see those commercials airing in primetime moments , or you 're overseas at a restaurant and you hear the song come on the radio and you had a part to play in that , it 's gratifying . That 's really special . It 's hard because we 've had similar opportunities where we 've had a song featured in a really great piece of creative with a big brand advertising campaign behind it , and it did n't react in the way that we had hoped . A lot of reasons can contribute to that . There is no secret recipe , believe me . If there was , we 'd be replicating it in every instance . It 's such a crowded space for one 's attention , that we really have to surround the track with a combination . That 's where we really get all components of Interscope working in conjunction with one another . So our digital and our social teams in conjunction with our streaming strategy and our radio , our press , and getting the right looks and opportunities with our brand partners and our film and TV . If there 's a recipe for success , it 's that sort of alignment . Plenty of artists have been reluctant to take part in these types of partnerships or syncs because they think they 're selling out . Is it ever difficult to get artists to jump on what could be a crucial marketing chance ? The team and I are serious about being a filter for deducing whether or not an opportunity makes sense for the artist before we even bring it to them . When it does n't feel right or it feels like it 's just a cash grab , we 'll avoid it . It 's got ta be an authentic partnership , and it has to make sense for the artist , because if it does n't it is n't good for the brand or the artist . Some artists feel more strongly than others about aligning their name , their likeness , their music with a brand . We do have some artists who do n't do a lot of brand partnerships . But I think that over the years , the stigma that used to exist about selling out and aligning with the brand has been sort of removed . Now it 's more about finding the right partnerships that reinforce an artist 's aesthetic and making the right decisions that provide visibility for a song . Is there a piece of advice that 's stuck with you over the years ? It 's just to never take a day for granted . And also , invest in the new crop of personnel and employees that are coming up through the industry . The power of mentorship is important . I 've had some incredible mentors over the years , and the notion that I can be one to somebody entering the industry right now is particularly gratifying .", "url": "https://www.sfgate.com/entertainment/article/At-Work-With-Daniel-Sena-the-Marketing-Exec-Who-15494909.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9890978336334229}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9890978336334229}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.9890978336334229}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006501668386629057, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh9Avaj", "stitle": "AAA gives grants to police , non-profits to combat marijuana-impaired driving", "seg_title_stem": "AAA give grant to police , non-profit to combat marijuana-impaired driving", "seg_content": "AURORA , Ill. -LRB- WAND -RRB- - AAA is providing more than $ 100,000 in grants to assist public health , safety , and law enforcement agencies reduce the number of crashes , injuries , and deaths related to marijuana impaired driving . `` Marijuana can inhibit concentration , slow reaction times , and cloud judgement , '' said Nick Jarmusz , Director of Public Affairs for AAA . `` These grants will help increase awareness for this danger and identify drivers on the road . '' A recent study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety found that , compared to alcohol , drivers were less likely to view driving within an hour of using marijuana as dangerous and less likely to think that a driver who did so would be caught by police . Over 40 law enforcement agencies and non-profit organizations received grants . Grant money will be used for Advanced Roadside Impaired Driving Enforcement . ARIDE teaches officers how to identify and articulate the signs of impairment related to drugs , alcohol , or a combination of both to reduce the number of crashes . Money will also be used for ToxOptix X3 , a pen containing a UV lamp , medical penlight , and a timing system in one device for standardized sobriety testing . Grants will also fund Fatal Vision Marijuana Goggles . The goggles model the effects of recreational marijuana so people can experience the impact of what it 's like to be under the influence . Full list of grant recipients : Alliance Against Intoxicated Motorists Organization Chicago Police Memorial Foundation Child Care Resource & Referral Network/Illinois Department of Transportation DuPage County Prevention Leadership Team Illinois Association of Chiefs of Police Illinois State Police Illinois Liquor Control Commission DuPage County Sheriff 's Office Kane County Sheriff 's Office Lake County Sheriff 's Office Tazewell County Sheriff 's Office National Organization of Black Law Enforcement -- Chicago Metropolitan Chapter Northwestern Memorial Hospital Rush Copley Hospital ThinkFirst Southern Illinois University School of Medicine Addison Police Department Arlington Heights Police Department Aurora Police Department Bloomington Police Department Campton Hills Police Department Chatham Police Department Chenoa Police Department Crystal Lake Police Department Deerfield Police Department Elgin Police Department Evanston Police Department Glen Ellyn Police Department Gurnee Police Department Lake Zurich Police Department Lincolnwood Police Department Lockport Police Department", "url": "https://www.wandtv.com/news/aaa-gives-grants-to-police-non-profits-to-combat-marijuana-impaired-driving/article_1d2831be-e21f-11ea-bc4d-53b161e36db4.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03422422041393082, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh9B4Ic", "stitle": "Jim Belushi Says Medical Marijuana Could Have Saved John Belushi 's Life", "seg_title_stem": "Jim Belushi say medical Marijuana could have Saved John Belushi 's Life", "seg_content": "Jim Belushi is on a very personal quest to destigmatize medical marijuana . In a new interview with Fox News , the actor , star of new Discovery series Growing Belushi , said that medicinal weed could have saved the life of his brother John Belushi , who died in 1982 from a drug overdose . Belushi explained that John had brain damage after years of football , and he likely turned to drugs as a means of self-medicating . `` The medicine could have really helped him with that CTE , that suffering , '' Belushi said of his medicinal marijuana products . `` That 's one of my purposes . '' Belushi has long been an advocate of cannabis , but for the first time , he 's pulling back the curtain on his 93-acre Oregon farm in new reality series Growing Belushi . `` I just thought that this was something that nobody 's ever seen , '' he told Fox News of the show . `` There are people that are very frightened about cannabis and its attributes and I thought , ` You know what ? If everybody just sees how it 's grown , sees the people that are involved , that really care ... the testing that 's involved , the safety involved , they may feel a little more relaxed about trying cannabis . ' '' The actor-turned-farmer added that his interest in medicinal marijuana stems from the death of his brother , Saturday Night Live star John Belushi . `` My brother , I think , suffered from CTE , '' said Belushi . `` He was a middle linebacker , captain of the team , all-state and all-conference . And he banged his head for four years . He got the most tackles in our high school and he got his bell rung a lot . There -LSB- were -RSB- a lot of concussions . '' `` Senior year he seizured in our home , and we did n't know what it was , '' he continued . In the years that followed , John discovered weed , and `` cannabis -LSB- became -RSB- medicine for him , '' but at the time , it was considered illegal . `` It was all considered one drug , '' Belushi said of the medicinal vs. recreational marijuana . Before long , the SNL star turned to other drugs , including cocaine . `` I believe what Dan Aykroyd says : ` If John was a pothead he 'd be alive today , ' '' said Belushi . Check out Jim Belushi 's new series , Growing Belushi , tonight at 10/9c on Discovery Channel .", "url": "https://decider.com/2020/08/19/jim-belushi-medical-marijuana-john-belushi/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.5432065725326538}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.5432065725326538}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.33317204108765186, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh9O73Q", "stitle": "Deal : Dick 's Is Hosting a Flash Sale With Gear Up to 50 % Off", "seg_title_stem": "Deal : Dick 's be host a Flash Sale with Gear up to 50 % off", "seg_content": "Dick 's Sporting Goods is hosting a flash sale through 10:00 PT tonight , with a menagerie of gear up to 50 % off . There are clutch deals to be had on running sneakers , training apparel , golfing essentials and outdoor equipment . Below , we 've included a few of our favorite items from the sale . You wo n't need a code to activate the discounts , though some may not appear until you add the item to your cart . Nike Zoom Pegasus Turbo 2 Running Shoes Under Armour Half-Zip Fleece Hydro Flask Journey Series 20L BUY HERE : $ 200 $ 134 Callaway Chrome Soft Truvis Red Golf Balls Fitbit Inspire HR Activity Tracker Subscribe here for our daily deals and products newsletter , The Goods Nota bene : If you buy through the links in this article , InsideHook may earn a small share of the profits .", "url": "https://www.insidehook.com/article/gear/dicks-sporting-goods-flash-sale", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223, "Sports": 0.9997573494911194}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 1.0000100135803223, "Sports_Other": 0.9997573494911194}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1310356340702303, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh9UG86", "stitle": "How To Talk Cannabis With Your Doctor", "seg_title_stem": "how to talk cannabis with you doctor", "seg_content": "This article was originally published on Flowertown , and appears here with permission . Doctor Adam Kawalek is a physician at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center . Now that you are incorporating cannabis into your lifestyle -- whether to enhance wellness or alleviate chronic symptoms -- it is time to talk with your doctor . You may wonder why disclosure is important . Truthfully , it has less to do with science and a lot to do with the patient-physician relationship . Let me explain . To date , most general physicians are in the dark about cannabis . We do not know which prescription drugs interact with cannabis . We know very little about its long term effects or if the relief patients experience with cannabis is in part a placebo effect . Very few studies have been published to date . This is because cannabis , as a study drug , is unprofitable . Clinical trials cost in the tens to hundreds of millions . Therefore , the motivation to effectively study cannabis as a `` drug '' is limited . That means physicians are left with personal experience or anecdotal evidence shared by brave patients . For the inquisitive doctor , there are published case studies offering data , say , for the relationship between cannabis and decrease use of opiates , or how cannabis lessens seizures in persons with a type of seizure disorder . These studies , burgeoning and informative , offer clinicians very little practical guidance . Ironically , you as a consumer know more about cannabis than your doctor . For one , many doctors are reluctant to experiment with cannabis because of the strict hospital and federal workplace drug policies . Second , physicians simply do n't have the bandwidth to learn an entirely new medication class , especially one as ubiquitous and variable as cannabis . A cannabis consumer , on the other hand , can walk into a dispensary or trade show and educate themselves on the cannabis microcosm . Through books , subscription magazines , online media , social media and with good ole ' trial and error , a savvy consumer is practically a professional one . So where does that leave us ? From my perspective , the cornerstone of a healthy patient-physician relationship is trust , shared decision-making , and open communication . In an ideal world , you would tell me that you vape cannabis for insomnia and I 'd share with you that I have no clue how it will affect your sleep pattern or long term health . I would also thank you for sharing and tell you to continue listening to your body and `` do '' what feels right . I may refer you to a cannabis physician or continue to manage your care by learning from you and others like you . The cornerstone of a healthy patient-physician relationship is trust , shared decision-making , and open communication . Ultimately , sharing cannabis use with your doctor is a personal decision . My hope is that together , doctors and patients will continue to experiment , learn and grow together . These are interesting times , and what better time to strengthen your relationship with your healthcare provider . Read the original Article on Flowertown . Benzinga 's Related Links : What Is Cannabis Telemedicine ? Is It A Good Fit For You ?", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17077234/how-to-talk-cannabis-with-your-doctor", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9981900453567505}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9981900453567505}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05707926200300754, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh9gz35", "stitle": "Using ADR for Cannabis Disputes", "seg_title_stem": "use adr for Cannabis Disputes", "seg_content": "Alternative dispute resolution -LRB- `` ADR '' -RRB- -- such as mediation and arbitration -- has long been an attractive alternative to litigating disputes in court , especially for parties hoping to arrive at a swift resolution . Now , given the unprecedented backlog in California courts caused by the COVID-19 pandemic , as well as uncertainty related to re-initiation of jury trials , ADR may become an increasingly favorable option -- particularly for those in the cannabis industry . According to the 2019 Annual Report and Financial Statements published by American Arbitration Association -LRB- `` AAA '' -RRB- , cannabis-related cases have seen more growth -LRB- 225 % -RRB- than any other category of AAA 's 9,737 business-to-business cases for that year . -LSB- i -RSB- In California , although the cannabis industry has been deemed an `` essential '' business -LSB- ii -RSB- in the midst of the crushing affect that COVID-19 has had on the economy , California court closures may nevertheless bring some cannabis operations to a screeching halt . Often , the ability of cannabis businesses to operate in such a highly regulated space requires strategic partnerships with others that can provide access to critical resources such as cannabis licenses/permits , commercial real estate , or investment capital . But , what happens when a dispute arises between business partners that are dependent on one another to legally operate ? Well , in the absence of a prior agreement between the parties to resolve any disputes that may arise through ADR , parties must resort to the courts for recourse . And , in the age of COVID-19 , litigating disputes in court -- an already slow and protracted process -- just got a whole lot slower . For instance , in Los Angeles , California , the Superior Court , beginning in March 2020 , has implemented a series of measures in response to COVID-19 , including court closures , continuances of all `` non-essential '' court proceedings -- including most proceedings in connection with business disputes -- for the purpose of prioritizing the adjudication of `` essential '' court proceedings , and limited court staff . Given this current state of affairs , those in the cannabis business should consider including ADR provisions in any agreement they enter into with strategic partners . Mediation Mediation is the process by which parties to a dispute , whether or not it has developed into litigation , discuss the issues involved in the dispute with a mutually agreed upon neutral third party -LRB- the mediator -RRB- -- often a retired judge or an experienced attorney -- for the purpose of attempting to informally resolve the dispute . After hearing from both sides , the mediator can help the parties assess the strengths and weaknesses of their respective positions . But , like anything , mediation has its advantages and disadvantages . Perhaps the most obvious advantage about mediation is the potential for parties to quickly resolve their disputes . Indeed , mediation can often be completed in just one day . Moreover , mediation , unlike court proceedings , is confidential and closed to the public , which can be an especially attractive attribute to parties in the cannabis industry . Mediation also allows for flexible and creative outcomes not necessarily available through judicial remedies . And , to the extent that losing negotiating leverage is a concern when contemplating the proposal of mediation , cannabis businesses should consider including mandatory mediation clauses in their business contracts -- before there is any dispute -- so that , in the event of a dispute , the parties are contractually obligated to come to the negotiating table before initiating litigation . In a successful mediation , parties not only save a considerable amount of time , they also save a considerable amount of money by avoiding the ever-increasing costs of litigation . On the other hand , mediating a dispute also comes with a cost . In addition to paying for their attorneys ' fees , parties must also split the cost of the mediator , which can easily amount to a four-figure expense for each day of mediation . And , for parties for whom conducting discovery might help to facilitate settlement , mandatory mediation clauses might call for the incurrence of this expense prematurely when parties are lacking evidence that would substantiate their claims . Nevertheless , the advantages of mediation tend to outweigh the disadvantages , and , in the long run , parties to a successful mediation will save time and money , thereby allowing the parties to get back to business quicker . Arbitration If , for whatever reason , an informal resolution to a dispute is infeasible , rather than resorting to the courts , cannabis businesses should consider including arbitration clauses in their contracts . Arbitration is a private process where an arbitrator -- often a retired judge -- rather than a judge or jury , decides the parties ' case . Arbitration may be binding -LRB- meaning parties waive their right to a trial and agree to accept the arbitrator 's decision as final -RRB- or non-binding -LRB- meaning parties are free to request a trial if they do not accept the arbitrator 's decision -RRB- . Like mediation , arbitration also has its advantages and disadvantages . Arbitration can be a great alternative to traditional litigation because it tends to be a faster . For instance , in California , under normal circumstances , it is often difficult to have a matter heard in a reasonable timeframe due to the sheer volume of cases that courts have on their dockets . As alluded to above , COVID-19 has only exacerbated this problem . Arbitrators have more bandwidth to focus their attention on a case than do most judges . Arbitration also lends itself toward a more streamlined process since the procedural requirements in arbitration are often more relaxed than in court , thus allowing parties to have the substance of their case decided more quickly . And , quicker rulings mean less time paying a lawyer to obtain a final ruling . For cannabis businesses , arbitration can be especially attractive as well because , unlike court proceedings , arbitration proceedings are generally not open to the public , nor are arbitration filings generally accessible by the public . The most obvious negative attribute with arbitration , however , is the additional cost of paying an arbitrator 's hourly rate for everything they do in connection with a case , in additional to paying attorneys ' fees . If there is a panel of multiple arbitrators , this additional cost can add up quickly . And , while it may be quicker than litigating a dispute in court , a binding arbitration award is final and not subject to appeal , resulting in little redress for the non-prevailing party . In most cases , however , if a speedy , cost effective , and confidential decision is the goal , arbitration is probably a better choice than going to court , especially in the age of COVID-19 . As a general matter , one of the key benefits of ADR is parties ' ability to select a neutral decision-maker -- i.e. , an arbitrator or a mediator , as the case may be . And , as cannabis disputes are increasingly getting resolved through ADR , there is an increasing cohort of neutrals with legal experience in the cannabis industry that sitting judges simply may not have . The experienced lawyers , including on Sheppard Mullin 's Cannabis Industry Team , can assist cannabis and ancillary businesses in the drafting of business contracts to promote the resolution of disputes through ADR , as well as in the mediation and/or arbitration of such disputes , should they arise . Please contact the authors for more information on how we might assist on your matter . FOOTNOTES -LSB- i -RSB- American Arbitration Association . -LRB- 2020 -RRB- 2019 Annual Report And Financial Statements . https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/document_repository/AAA_AnnualReport_2019.pdf -LSB- ii -RSB- `` Notice Regarding COVID-19 And Commercial Cannabis Business . '' Bureau Of Cannabis Control , 21 March 2020 , https://bcc.ca.gov/about_us/documents/media_20200321.pdf . Press release .", "url": "https://www.natlawreview.com/article/using-adr-cannabis-disputes", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03183805056013208, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Wh9z2OC", "stitle": "Angela Buxton obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Angela Buxton obituary", "seg_content": "The British tennis player Angela Buxton , who has died aged 85 , had the sort of feisty disposition that might be expected of a grand slam doubles champion . But with Jewish parents from families that had fled Russia at the end of the 19th century , she needed it , being denied membership of clubs where she trained as a teenager through racial discrimination . Thus she was instinctively sympathetic to the way the US player Althea Gibson was treated when they met in India at Christmas 1955 . Gibson was so disenchanted with the struggles that she was facing as the only black player competing at the top echelon of American tennis that she was on the point of giving up the game when she got a call from President Dwight Eisenhower 's office delegating her to show the flag on an official tour of south-east Asia . By coincidence or not , Gibson was partnered on the tour by the sport 's `` blond bombshell '' , Karol Fageros . `` They made a great visual contrast , '' Buxton observed drily . Buxton , who was playing in the same Indian tournaments , noticed that Gibson was spending much of her time alone and befriended her : `` We became pals and did everything together . '' In spring 1956 Buxton and her progressive coach Clarence `` Jimmy '' Jones , himself a bit of a maverick in the starchy white tennis community of the time , saw that Gibson was having trouble finding a doubles partner on the eve of the French Championships at Roland Garros . Jones suggested that he ask Gibson if she wanted to play with Buxton . The result was the unlikely birth of a brief but highly successful doubles partnership . Buxton and Gibson won the French title and then repeated their triumph at Wimbledon . In the meantime Buxton reached the Wimbledon singles final , where she lost to the American Shirley Fry . At least within the confines of the locker room , Buxton 's gesture had lowered a barrier and Gibson , whose rangy athleticism and match-winning temperament were making her the best player in the world , was suddenly in demand . Later in the year Buxton suffered a wrist injury , and Darlene Hard , a leading American player , partnered Gibson in 1957 -- the year that the young woman from Harlem became Wimbledon singles champion , a feat she repeated 12 months later . Unhappily for herself as well as British tennis , Buxton was forced at the end of the 1957 season to retire from the game with what had become a chronic hand condition . However , with Jones as a partner on the coaching court as well as with a book they wrote together , she remained involved with the game . Born in Liverpool , Angela was the daughter of Harry Buxton , who owned a chain of cinemas , and his wife , Violet -LRB- nee Greenberg -RRB- . To avoid second world war bombing , Violet took her son and daughter to South Africa , where Angela took up tennis . After their return in 1946 , she carried on with the sport at a boarding school , Gloddaeth Hall , in Llandudno , north Wales . Her parents divorced in 1947 , and Angela and her mother lived in London , near the Cumberland club in Hampstead . She was soon improving her game under the tutelage of the club coach , Bill Blake . After a while she applied for membership but heard nothing back from the club secretary . `` Why is this , Bill ? '' Buxton asked . `` Because I 'm not good enough ? '' Embarrassed , Blake replied : `` No , because you 're Jewish . '' So Buxton took herself off to another club and improved sufficiently to win the English Indoor Championships as well as the London Grass Court title . But these victories did not give her the most satisfaction . `` I made a point of going back to the Cumberland club to win their bloody tournament -- twice ! Just to rub their noses in it . And they never gave me a cup of tea -- not even that . '' A parallel experience of exclusion came when she and her mother went to Los Angeles in 1952 . She told the Observer : `` The antisemitism made me more isolated . It made me more determined , more detached . As a result I was often on my own . For a different reason Althea was on her own , too . And then we came together and beat everybody . '' The pair stayed in touch over the years but had not spoken for a while when , in 1995 , Buxton suddenly got a phone call from Gibson in the US . `` Angie , baby , I ca n't last much longer . I do n't have any money for the rent , for food and my medicines . '' Despite playing pro golf and being appointed sports commissioner of New Jersey , Gibson had fallen on hard times as medical bills piled up after she suffered two aneurysms and a stroke in the early 1990s , and it was Buxton who saved her . Despite getting little reaction from her initial pleas , a letter in Tennis Week magazine in 1996 increased awareness of Gibson 's plight and suddenly donations flowed in , overstuffing her mailbox . At first she was bewildered but then realised it was her old doubles partner she had to thank . Nearly a million dollars was raised , enabling Gibson to live another eight years in comfort . Buxton turned to writing as well as co-producing a documentary , Althea -LRB- 2014 -RRB- . By then she had bought herself a winter home near Boca Raton in Florida and become a regular in the press rooms of tournaments throughout southern Florida , her interest in younger players never flagging . In 2019 she went to the US Open in New York for the unveiling of a statue of Gibson . The sport to which she had contributed so much and which had not always treated her well remained her lifelong passion . In 1959 she married Donald Silk , a solicitor , and they had two sons and a daughter . The marriage ended in divorce , her sons predeceased her , and she is survived by her daughter , Rachel . • Angela Buxton , tennis player , born 16 August 1934 ; died 14 August 2020", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2020/aug/19/angela-buxton-obituary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.6784167289733887}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 0.6784167289733887}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.034387754286944135, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'fist': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1, 'damn': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhAzSzx", "stitle": "Naked Giants Bring Live Rock Energy To New Release , `` The Shadow ''", "seg_title_stem": "naked Giants bring Live Rock Energy to New Release , `` the Shadow ''", "seg_content": "For a moment , think of your favorite bands . The Beatles , Led Zeppelin , Heart , Bruno Mars , Salt-N-Pepa . While all of these groups comprise stellar musicians and creative minds , what brings them over the proverbial top for you , most likely , has nothing to do with musicianship , per sé . Often , our favorite tunes have less to do with the music and more with the people who make them . There is that unknowable chemistry -- what the French call a certain Je ne sais quoi . But while the quality is hard to pinpoint , it 's not often hard to notice , in a general sense . And the Seattle rock band , Naked Giants , permeates that special element . For evidence , look no further than the band 's latest single , `` The Shadow , '' which we 're happy to premiere today . `` It 's kind of hard to put into words when you have that jam-feeling with somebody where it just clicks , '' says Naked Giants guitarist , Grant Mullen . `` It 's almost like we read each other 's minds but at the same time , we go places that also surprise each other . It 's an attitude . '' To see Naked Giants is to believe it . The band , especially when playing live , is energized . It 's like running an electric current through an already healthy battery . Mullen , along with wild drummer Henry LaVallee and melodic bassist Gianni Aiello , are a tornado wrapped in a torrential storm . There are bolts of lighting , precipitation , thunder and whirlwinds before the set is finished . But little , if any , of that energy is lost on the trio 's newest LP , The Shadow , which is set for release on Friday . The 11-track rock record , which has already offered several singles , is lively , ponderous and powerful . Naked Giants , which formed fist as a duo with LaVallee and Mullen and later incorporated Aiello , got its first big break at the 2015 Sound Off ! music competition in the Emerald City . The band finished second in the competition and , as a result , formed many important business relationships that have since helped the group grow . For a few years , Naked Giants was touring support for the popular rock group , Car Seat Headrest -- even backing CSHR front man , Will Toledo , at the `` World 's Most Famous Area , '' Madison Square Garden . But more than any accomplishment or resume line , it 's the group 's comradery that 's essential . `` If we were hired guns who showed up to rehearsal and left , the songs we produced from the three of us would be much different , '' LaVallee says . `` Over the years , we 've found it important to do things like go on hikes and tend to the garden of our friendship -- it 's important . '' In the six years since forming the group , the members have grown up together . There are stages of personal development , Aiello notes , and , recently , the three members have been there together through significant personal and creative evolutions . Normally , as people get older , their friend group shrinks . But for a close-knit band that often tours -LRB- when not in a pandemic -RRB- , this is the opposite . `` We 've totally seen each other at times when we 're not at our best , '' Aiello says . `` But we 've also seen each other grow and work on ourselves . While the band is unable to tour now -- like every other group on the planet -- the members say they are spending more time teaching students in their spare time . This , as a result , has allowed them to see , in a way , how far they 've come since their own early novice stages . That each member has enough musical wisdom to impart on new students is a testament to all the individuals have learned along the way from investing time , energy and resources into the band . Each member of Naked Giants credits family for introducing them to music , they are in turn helping to build the next generation . `` Music is a constant source of curiosity and inspiration , '' Aiello says . `` There 's always something around the corner that you have n't experienced yet and that 's so exciting . I think that 's something we 've all seen from teaching music to kids too , lately . It 's so cool to have the reminder that we each started there at some point . And that we still have a long way to go . '' Naked Giants is still a young group and , of course , there is still a long way for the band -- or any band , for that matter -- to develop . But , to date , the trio has produced some stellar work , including their latest LP . For the album , the band boasts catchy songs like `` -LRB- God Damn ! -RRB- What I Am '' and `` High School -LRB- Do n't Like Them -RRB- '' and thoughtful songs like `` Television '' and `` Song For When You Sleep . '' The record , though this was not the catalyst for its creation , is a perfect example for why rock ` n ' roll is not dead and never will be . `` I 've always felt very self-empowered by making rock , '' Mullen says . `` You can put a lot of feeling into it and it 's empowering to make really loud noises . I 've always just liked that about rock . '' But more than any genre , the majesty of music is what helps the trio make sense of the world . And that very important lens compels Naked Giants to continue to produce and play and then do it all over again -- whether live , on wax or in a classroom with students . `` Music helps me make sense of life when life is n't making as much sense as I 'd like it to , '' LaVallee says . `` Not to be corny , but it 's the universal language . Someone can write something fifty years ago that can help me get through hard times today . That 's magic . '' Digging the tunes from Naked Giants ? If yes , consider a pre-order/pre-save from this smartlink .", "url": "https://americansongwriter.com/the-shadow-naked-giants-song-premiere/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.000009536743164}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 0.8659608960151672}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02691452374062832, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBCsrV", "stitle": "Inmates at N.J. women 's prison plagued by sex abuse can sue state", "seg_title_stem": "inmate at N.J. woman 's prison plague by sex abuse can sue state", "seg_content": "Inmates at a New Jersey women 's prison that a federal report said was plagued by rampant sexual abuse and misconduct for years can proceed with a class-action lawsuit , a state judge has ruled . State Superior Court Judge Michael O'Neill 's opinion , written last month and ordered unsealed last week , acknowledged that a Department of Justice report released in the spring buttressed the inmates ' claims that they were forced to live in a hostile environment , regardless of whether they experienced abuse firsthand . '' The DOJ Report sheds new light on , and requires a fresh look at , the hostile living environment claims set forth in the complaint , '' O'Neill wrote , and lends `` considerable support to the overriding -LRB- predominant -RRB- contentions set forth in the complaint . '' The suit filed by two longtime inmates names the state Department of Corrections and seeks unspecified punitive and compensatory damages . The DOJ report released in April alleged the state corrections department violated inmates ' constitutional rights by failing to protect them from a culture of `` severe and prevalent abuse '' and that officials failed to take action despite being aware of systemic problems.Several corrections officers at the prison have pleaded guilty to , or been convicted of , sexual abuse and misconduct in recent years . A different state judge denied the inmates ' class-action bid last year , but a state appeals court asked O'Neill to take a new look at the case this spring in light of the DOJ report . The appeals court will now review O'Neill 's ruling once both sides have filed briefs , attorneys for the inmates said Tuesday . In a statement , the attorneys for the Stark & Stark and Barry , Corrado , Grassi & Gillian-Schwartz firms said the ruling `` represents an important step towards addressing the problems at the prison that permitted predatory corrections officers to operate unchecked for years . '' A message was left Tuesday with attorneys representing the state corrections department . They have argued that class certification should be denied because not all inmates can establish firsthand knowledge of sexual misconduct and discrimination . The Mahan facility , which is in Hunterdon County about 50 miles -LRB- 80 kilometers -RRB- west of New York City , gained notoriety in the late 1970s when Assata Shakur , who was convicted of killing New Jersey State Trooper Werner Foerster during a traffic stop in 1973 , escaped and eventually fled to Cuba , where she was granted asylum by Fidel Castro .", "url": "https://www.nj.com/politics/2020/08/inmates-at-nj-womens-prison-plagued-by-sex-abuse-can-sue-state.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000091791152954}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000091791152954}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.23152045726556528, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBJlFX", "stitle": "Sex Trafficking Bust At Sturgis", "seg_title_stem": "sex trafficking bust at Sturgis", "seg_content": "Sadly , the Coronavirus pandemic that is rocking the world might not even be the worst thing that is going on in 2020 . I think it is safe to say that we have a sex crime problem -LRB- read stats here and here -RRB- . And it is happening all around us . Did you read about what happened at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally , only a couple-hundred miles away from Bismarck ? While most were at Sturgis for a fun and wild time , a few grown men were arrested for child sex crimes during the rally . The men range in age from 20-years-old to 60-years-old . And their potential victims -LRB- actually undercover agents -RRB- ranged in age from 13-years-old to 15-years-old . The men arrested were KNOWINGLY planning to meet-up with and pay to have sex girls who were that young . According to Argus Leader , a news paper out of Sioux Falls , South Dakota , `` Eight men have been charged with sex crimes after a sting operation during the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally . '' The report says that , between August 7 , 2020 and August 13 , 2020 , a sex trafficking operation was done by the South Dakota Division of Criminal Investigation , the South Dakota Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and the US Homeland Security investigations . Get all the information on what each man was charged with from Argus Leader here . It is incredible that there are people working hard to take down sex criminals . Thank goodness these men were not talking to actual young girls . But I am sure that -LRB- at least for some of the perpetrators -RRB- have done this before , and they would do it again if they had the chance . What do you think needs to be done to fight sex crimes ?", "url": "https://hot975fm.com/sex-trafficking-bust-at-sturgis/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.975598931312561}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.975598931312561}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.23152045726556528, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBROHu", "stitle": "Sex Trafficking Bust At Sturgis", "seg_title_stem": "sex trafficking bust at Sturgis", "seg_content": "Sadly , the Coronavirus pandemic that is rocking the world might not even be the worst thing that is going on in 2020 . I think it is safe to say that we have a sex crime problem -LRB- read stats here and here -RRB- . And it is happening all around us . Did you read about what happened at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally , only a couple-hundred miles away from Bismarck ? While most were at Sturgis for a fun and wild time , a few grown men were arrested for child sex crimes during the rally . The men range in age from 20-years-old to 60-years-old . And their potential victims -LRB- actually undercover agents -RRB- ranged in age from 13-years-old to 15-years-old . The men arrested were KNOWINGLY planning to meet-up with and pay to have sex girls who were that young . According to Argus Leader , a news paper out of Sioux Falls , South Dakota , `` Eight men have been charged with sex crimes after a sting operation during the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally . '' The report says that , between August 7 , 2020 and August 13 , 2020 , a sex trafficking operation was done by the South Dakota Division of Criminal Investigation , the South Dakota Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and the US Homeland Security investigations . Get all the information on what each man was charged with from Argus Leader here . It is incredible that there are people working hard to take down sex criminals . Thank goodness these men were not talking to actual young girls . But I am sure that -LRB- at least for some of the perpetrators -RRB- have done this before , and they would do it again if they had the chance . What do you think needs to be done to fight sex crimes ?", "url": "https://965thefox.com/sex-trafficking-bust-at-sturgis/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.975598931312561}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.975598931312561}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3251041336686208, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1, 'scumbag': 1, 'nudist': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBTXun", "stitle": "Florida Man Caught Knocking on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_title_stem": "Florida Man Caught knock on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_content": "The sheriff in Santa Rosa County , Florida did n't mince words when it came to the case of a 50-year-old man caught on camera stalking a 7-year-old girl while in the nude . WEAR-TV in Pensacola shared video of a press conference at which Sheriff Bob Johnson provided details about the case , calling suspect Eric Straight a scumbag and saying he 'd have been fine with the girl 's father stomping Straight into a mud patch . `` My press conferences , sometimes ... I get a little heated because we 've discussed some really bad things , but today I think we broke a record , '' he said . `` Can you put the scumbag 's picture up there for me ? '' He then proceeded to brief the press on Straight 's case , even screening footage of Straight walking up to the girl 's home and knocking on her window while wearing nothing but his birthday suit . He was filmed doing this on three separate occasions late at night . Unfortunately , her parents have reason to believe it happened several times before , which is why they installed the cameras . `` You know , I ca n't make this up , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` A fifty year old man naked knocking on a seven year old girl 's window . The parents obviously let us know , and we do an investigation , we arrest him . '' Johnson said kudos to the parents for installing cameras to catch Straight in the act . Unfortunately , Straight is out on bond . `` I have a funny feeling that if that was my seven year old daughter , and I do have a daughter , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` but if she was seven years old and this dude was outsid her window naked , it would n't have ended well for him . I do n't know that he would have been arrested . '' When asked what would have happened had the parents taken action against Straight , Johnson did n't hold back . `` That would have been awesome , '' Johnson said . `` That 's all I would have said about that . That would have been awesome , because this guy , I mean , you ca n't really say hey , he was over there for any other purpose . I mean , he 's naked outside a seven year old 's window knocking on it . '' `` If -LSB- the girl 's father -RSB- would 've come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , we would have been fine with that . I would n't have minded at all . Matter of fact , I kind of wish it would have ended like that . '' So , to recap : This 50-year-old man was walking up to a little girl 's window late at night in the nude and tapping on the glass . What . The . Hell ? He even removed the screen , so while I 'm professionally obligated to say everyone is innocent until proven guilty ... yeah , I think it 's safe to say he was n't up to anything good . According to the girl 's family , Straight , a next door neighbor they 've known for two years , considers himself a nudist , and had been told by the girl 's family before that he was not welcome on their property without clothes on . Straight has been charged with aggravated stalking and trespassing . Sheriff Johnson told reporters Straight is under a temporary restraining order while awaiting trial , and if he even sets foot outside his home while that little girl is outside playing on her lawn , he 's going straight to jail . This story is deeply disturbing , and I do n't want to make light of it in any way . That said , I have to commend Sheriff Johnson for being so blunt and honest . As both a law enforcement officer and a father , I 'm sure he 's absolutely exhausted with seeing children victimized like this , and he spoke from the heart . If this had happened in Texas , I get the feeling I 'd be writing about a naked man shot dead outside a little girl 's window . That 's all I have to say .", "url": "https://ktemnews.com/florida-man-caught-knocking-on-7-year-olds-window-in-the-nude/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9740140438079834}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9740140438079834}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007837439311301493, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBThnB", "stitle": "Customs Seized a Half-Ton of Marijuana Entering Michigan from Canada", "seg_title_stem": "Customs seize a Half-Ton of Marijuana Entering Michigan from Canada", "seg_content": "That 's a lot of pot there , eh ? It was a busy day on Monday at the Blue Water Bridge when Customs and Border Protection -LRB- CBP -RRB- Office of Field Operations Officers seized a half-ton of marijuana from a truck coming into Michigan from Ontario , Canada . Officials originally believed that the truck was carrying office furniture to different locations in the mitten state ; upon further inspection , however , they found that there were 1,114 pounds of marijuana in vacuum-sealed packages that were disguised in cardboard boxes . `` Even during a pandemic , traffickers continue to attempt to exploit our borders and will stop at nothing to try and introduce illicit drugs into our communities , '' Port Director Michael Fox told ClickOnDetroit.com . `` Our officers remain steadfast in their commitment to protecting our borders from all types of criminal activity . '' And apparently , this is n't the first time during the pandemic that traffickers have tried to get their contraband into Michigan - over 4,400 lbs of marijuana have been seized at the border since March . Office furniture ? Really ?? Now I 'm wondering what tipped them off . Was it a desk that smelled a little funky ? This is why I 'm not a drug trafficker . I never would 've thought of using office furniture to smuggle drugs into the United States from Canada . Then again , it obviously was n't a good idea because they got caught .", "url": "https://banana1015.com/customs-seized-a-half-ton-of-marijuana-entering-michigan-from-canada/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3251041336686208, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1, 'scumbag': 1, 'nudist': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBiZmc", "stitle": "Florida Man Caught Knocking on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_title_stem": "Florida Man Caught knock on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_content": "The sheriff in Santa Rosa County , Florida did n't mince words when it came to the case of a 50-year-old man caught on camera stalking a 7-year-old girl while in the nude . WEAR-TV in Pensacola shared video of a press conference at which Sheriff Bob Johnson provided details about the case , calling suspect Eric Straight a scumbag and saying he 'd have been fine with the girl 's father stomping Straight into a mud patch . `` My press conferences , sometimes ... I get a little heated because we 've discussed some really bad things , but today I think we broke a record , '' he said . `` Can you put the scumbag 's picture up there for me ? '' He then proceeded to brief the press on Straight 's case , even screening footage of Straight walking up to the girl 's home and knocking on her window while wearing nothing but his birthday suit . He was filmed doing this on three separate occasions late at night . Unfortunately , her parents have reason to believe it happened several times before , which is why they installed the cameras . `` You know , I ca n't make this up , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` A fifty year old man naked knocking on a seven year old girl 's window . The parents obviously let us know , and we do an investigation , we arrest him . '' Johnson said kudos to the parents for installing cameras to catch Straight in the act . Unfortunately , Straight is out on bond . `` I have a funny feeling that if that was my seven year old daughter , and I do have a daughter , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` but if she was seven years old and this dude was outsid her window naked , it would n't have ended well for him . I do n't know that he would have been arrested . '' When asked what would have happened had the parents taken action against Straight , Johnson did n't hold back . `` That would have been awesome , '' Johnson said . `` That 's all I would have said about that . That would have been awesome , because this guy , I mean , you ca n't really say hey , he was over there for any other purpose . I mean , he 's naked outside a seven year old 's window knocking on it . '' `` If -LSB- the girl 's father -RSB- would 've come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , we would have been fine with that . I would n't have minded at all . Matter of fact , I kind of wish it would have ended like that . '' So , to recap : This 50-year-old man was walking up to a little girl 's window late at night in the nude and tapping on the glass . What . The . Hell ? He even removed the screen , so while I 'm professionally obligated to say everyone is innocent until proven guilty ... yeah , I think it 's safe to say he was n't up to anything good . According to the girl 's family , Straight , a next door neighbor they 've known for two years , considers himself a nudist , and had been told by the girl 's family before that he was not welcome on their property without clothes on . Straight has been charged with aggravated stalking and trespassing . Sheriff Johnson told reporters Straight is under a temporary restraining order while awaiting trial , and if he even sets foot outside his home while that little girl is outside playing on her lawn , he 's going straight to jail . This story is deeply disturbing , and I do n't want to make light of it in any way . That said , I have to commend Sheriff Johnson for being so blunt and honest . As both a law enforcement officer and a father , I 'm sure he 's absolutely exhausted with seeing children victimized like this , and he spoke from the heart . If this had happened in Texas , I get the feeling I 'd be writing about a naked man shot dead outside a little girl 's window . That 's all I have to say .", "url": "https://mykiss1031.com/florida-man-caught-knocking-on-7-year-olds-window-in-the-nude/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9740140438079834}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9740140438079834}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.9123363223573892, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBlENy", "stitle": "Selma Blair , 48 , Flaunts Her Amazing Legs In A Black Bodysuit & Says She Does n't Wear Pants", "seg_title_stem": "Selma Blair , 48 , flaunt she amazing leg in a black Bodysuit & say she do not wear pants", "seg_content": "Selma Blair has incredible legs , and she has no qualms about showing them off . When the 48-year-old Cruel Intentions star gave her Instagram followers a behind-the-scenes look at a backyard photo shoot on Tuesday , she was rewarded with a flood of compliments on how good her perfect pins looked . This prompted her to confess that she does n't wear pants much these days . In the three images that she shared , Selma wore an all-black ensemble that matched her dark pixie cut . Her outfit included a Knix bodysuit with high-cut sides and a wide , plunging neckline . Over it , she rocked a chic lace cape designed by Kate Moss . She completed her stunning look with a pair of of Dior heels that she described as her `` favorite . '' The shoes were sandals with closed backs . The toe straps were tan , and they were adorned with flirty little bows . The straps ' thin cords followed the upper edge of the shoe to create a piping-like detail . They were also wound around the heels , which were decorated with two additional bows . In her first photo , Selma posed in front of a green backdrop that had been created by draping what appeared to be a large sheet over a high metal bar . She stood in profile beside a wooden chair with her left knee and shin resting on its seat . She was captured gazing upward with a pensive expression on her face . View this post on Instagram Sneak peek of behind the scenes . Theatrics in back yard . Brought out a favorite Dior shoe , still holds up . Knix body suit . Kate moss cape . A post shared by Selma Blair -LRB- @selmablair -RRB- on Aug 18 , 2020 at 9:00 am PDT Selma sat on the chair in her second snapshot . In her right hand , she held the end of the elegant walking stick that she sometimes uses to help her get around . In her opposite hand , she held up the pendant of the necklace she was wearing . While interacting with her followers in the comments section , she revealed it was a Georg Jensen silver heart necklace from the '70s that had belonged to her mother . Selma 's final pic was a closeup shot of her shoes . The Hellboy star 's photo shoot was met with a flood of complimentary messages , and she responded to a few of them . `` You have the most amazing legs !!!! I 'd never wear trousers if my legs looked like that !!! '' wrote one admirer . `` I do n't . I am like a little Elaine stritch now , '' read Selma 's cheeky response . Selma was also asked a few questions about her ongoing battle with multiple sclerosis -LRB- MS -RRB- . In response to a query about what she 's been doing to treat the disease 's symptoms , she revealed that she found chemo and Acthar helpful , and she 's been taking Levodopa for her movement disorders . `` I have no appetite lately . Tired . But it will come back , '' she added . One of Selma 's fellow MS sufferers asked her how she 's able to wear heels , and she revealed that she usually opts for sneakers with leg braces . However , she 's discovered a benefit to occasionally rocking her fancier footwear . `` The muscles do n't all connect to brain usually . And I have had some bad twists . But I have to say ... sometimes the distraction of walking or standing on balls of feet is actually easier til I get weak , '' she wrote . `` They are not frequently worn . But I do still put on and manage with a cane for balance . ''", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6232952/selma-blair-legs-bodysuit/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8830139168082939, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBlIus", "stitle": "Hilde Osland Flaunts Her Bombshell Body In White Booty Shorts", "seg_title_stem": "Hilde Osland flaunt she bombshell body in White Booty Shorts", "seg_content": "Blond bombshell Hilde Osland thrilled her 3.6 million Instagram followers with her latest share , in which she rocked a casual ensemble that highlighted her fit figure . The look was from the brand Missy Empire , and Hilde tagged the brand 's Instagram page in the caption of the post as well as in the picture itself . In the first of two snaps , Hilde stood inside , in a space with neutral white walls and a large black-and-white picture on a wall in the distance . Natural sunlight shone in from a nearby door or window , casting a stunning glow over Hilde 's gorgeous features . She rocked a tie-dye blue sweatshirt with a cozy loose fit . The top had a crew neck that hid her cleavage , and the silhouette meant that her curves were obscured as well . However , the garment was a cropped length , so a few inches of her toned stomach still remained on display . Hilde paired the oversized sweatshirt with form-fitting white booty shorts that left little to the imagination . The bottoms had a high waist , and the fabric stretched over her pert posterior . She angled her body slightly to the side , spreading her legs a bit , in a way that accentuated her shapely rear as well as her toned thighs . Her long blond locks tumbled down her back in an effortless , tousled style , and she stared at the camera with her lips slightly parted . She added a pair of statement earrings to finish off the look . View this post on Instagram Cute comfys from @missyempire ???????? A post shared by ʜɪʟᴅᴇ ᴏsʟᴀɴᴅ ♡ -LRB- @hildeee -RRB- on Aug 19 , 2020 at 5:24 am PDT The second image Hilde shared was taken from a closer perspective , and cropped right at her waist . She had one forearm crossed over her abdomen , allowing just the slightest hint of skin to show , and her other hand went to her mouth as she placed one finger on her plump lips . Her followers absolutely loved the double update , and the post received over 25,300 likes within just 57 minutes . It also racked up 485 comments from her eager fans . `` You 're the cutest ever , '' one fan wrote , followed by a heart emoji . `` Wow so absolutely gorgeous and sexy sweet Aussie angel , '' another follower remarked . `` Hilde ... Your Beauty deserves a standing ovation ! '' a third fan added , including a clapping hands emoji to accentuate his point . `` Beautiful as always ! '' another commented . Earlier this week , as The Inquisitr reported , Hilde shared a massive update in which she rocked an ensemble from online retailer Fashion Nova for her audience . She paired some distressed light-wash jeans that hugged her curves with a pale green crop top that left little to the imagination , showing off a serious amount of skin . Her long blond locks were pulled up in a messy bun for the casual look .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6232965/hilde-osland-white-booty-shorts/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9431262016296387}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9431262016296387}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02074994735657101, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBmmAL", "stitle": "New database could help lead to personalized treatments for breast cancer patients", "seg_title_stem": "new database could help lead to personalized treatment for breast cancer patient", "seg_content": "All current breast cancer drugs were first tested in cell lines . Each cell line began as cancer in a patient . As such , each cell line is a surrogate for that patient 's disease . A new database of 40 breast cancer cell lines , developed by Medical University of South Carolina investigators , will help researchers deepen their understanding of these cell lines and speed the development of new gene-targeted therapies . `` Cell lines are the front line for breast cancer research because they are derived from real patients and exhibit the characteristics of the disease that that patient experienced , '' remarked Stephen P. Ethier , Ph.D. , a professor in the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at MUSC and an MUSC Hollings Cancer Center researcher . Cell lines represent cancer for what it is , said Ethier -- a multifaceted disease of the genome . The broad picture of cancer as a complex disease , however , is often bypassed in research to laser-focus on only one or two gene changes . Ethier believes this -- the current way of doing research -- is too narrow and that developing better therapies will require evaluation of the entire genomic signature . In an article recently published in npj Breast Cancer , Ethier and his team describe the implementation of a new resource for cancer researchers . The SUM Breast Cancer Cell Line Knowledge Base , or SLKBase , will push the field forward by providing easily navigable genomic , proteomic and other `` omic '' information on a total of 40 SUM and other patient-derived cell lines . The database could eventually contribute to the identification , development and implementation of truly personalized gene-targeted therapies for patients with breast cancer . Dr. Stephen Ethier and his team hope their database will eventually expand to include cancer cell lines from all types of cancer . Humans have approximately 24,000 genes , collectively called the genome . Written in the language of DNA , the genes act as instructions for how cells are to grow , live and replicate . Errors in the DNA instructions within a cell can ultimately change how the cell grows , replicates and responds to natural signals that normally act as a brake to these functions . These changes cause the cell to become cancerous . Personalized or targeted therapies , based on unique gene changes in each patient 's cancer , have been a long-term goal in oncology research and medicine , and significant progress has been made . However , implementing truly personalized therapeutic strategies has been slow . One obstacle has been difficulty identifying and targeting the gene changes that have a function in causing disease . Several hundred genes might have developed errors in a cancer cell , according to Ethier . `` Most of the genes that are changed , however , are playing no role whatsoever in the biology of the disease , '' he explained . How can researchers identify which of those gene mutations matter and are worth targeting ? With funding from a South Carolina Clinical & Translational Research Institute pilot grant , Ethier and his team built specialized tools for SLKBase to aid in answering this very question . `` So the way to get from 500 gene changes to two or three that are playing an essential role in the biology of the disease is to do what are called genome-scale knock-out or knock-down experiments , '' Ethier explained . In the knock-down experiments , Ethier and his team performed a series of tests in which every gene in the genome was turned off one by one and evaluated for its effects on the growth or survival of the cancer cell . If the cancer cell died or stopped duplicating itself , that gene was deemed to be essential for survival . If that gene also had an error , it meant the gene was not only essential but also performed a function that made the cell behave like cancer . Each cancer cell line has a unique `` functional gene signature , '' explained Ethier . Therapies that target these functional genes that drive cancer growth are likely to be most effective . From a library of more than 800 targeted experimental medications , the `` Druggable Signature Tool '' identifies those that are likely to be effective against the cancer cells because they target the essential genes . The SLKBase website is open to anyone who wants to know more about breast cancer cell lines or access the immense genomic and proteomic research knowledge base . However , breast cancer is just the beginning . There are more than 500 cancer cell lines derived from patients with virtually every type of cancer , and Ethier hopes eventually to include them all in SLKBase . For Ethier , the gene changes driving cancer matter more than the tissue in which they occur . Cancers are a disease of the genome , no matter in which part of the body they occur . Therefore , any cancer would be expected to respond to therapy targeted to its genomic signature . `` At some point , we have to stop worrying about whether it 's breast cancer , lung cancer or colon cancer , '' said Ethier . `` We should be putting more emphasis on the genomic features of that cancer because cancer is a disease of the genome . '' Ethier recently signed an option agreement with the MUSC Foundation for Research Development that will enable his startup , Sextant Oncology LLC , to continue to promote the use of cancer cell lines and their functional derivatives . The mission of Sextant Oncology is to develop strategies for the reverse engineering of individual cell lines that will ultimately be useful for making targeted drug treatment predictions for patients . ### About MUSC Founded in 1824 in Charleston , MUSC is the oldest medical school in the South , as well as the state 's only integrated , academic health sciences center with a unique charge to serve the state through education , research and patient care . Each year , MUSC educates and trains more than 3,000 students and nearly 800 residents in six colleges : Dental Medicine , Graduate Studies , Health Professions , Medicine , Nursing and Pharmacy . The state 's leader in obtaining biomedical research funds , in fiscal year 2019 , MUSC set a new high , bringing in more than $ 284 million . For information on academic programs , visit musc.edu . As the clinical health system of the Medical University of South Carolina , MUSC Health is dedicated to delivering the highest quality patient care available , while training generations of competent , compassionate health care providers to serve the people of South Carolina and beyond . Comprising some 1,600 beds , more than 100 outreach sites , the MUSC College of Medicine , the physicians ' practice plan , and nearly 275 telehealth locations , MUSC Health owns and operates eight hospitals situated in Charleston , Chester , Florence , Lancaster and Marion counties . In 2019 , for the fifth consecutive year , U.S. News & World Report named MUSC Health the No. 1 hospital in South Carolina . To learn more about clinical patient services , visit muschealth.org . MUSC and its affiliates have collective annual budgets of $ 3.2 billion . The more than 17,000 MUSC team members include world-class faculty , physicians , specialty providers and scientists who deliver groundbreaking education , research , technology and patient care About MUSC Hollings Cancer Center MUSC Hollings Cancer Center is a National Cancer Institute-designated cancer center and the largest academic-based cancer research program in South Carolina . The cancer center comprises more than 100 faculty cancer scientists and 20 academic departments . It has an annual research funding portfolio of more than $ 44 million and a dedication to reducing the cancer burden in South Carolina . Hollings offers state-of-the-art diagnostic capabilities , therapies and surgical techniques within multidisciplinary clinics that include surgeons , medical oncologists , radiation therapists , radiologists , pathologists , psychologists and other specialists equipped for the full range of cancer care , including more than 200 clinical trials . For more information , visit http://www.hollingscancercenter.org", "url": "https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2020-08/muos-ndc081920.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000008344650269}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000008344650269}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.005316112463735859, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBoLSQ", "stitle": "More than half-ton of marijuana found in truck at Michigan and Canada border", "seg_title_stem": "more than half-ton of marijuana find in truck at Michigan and Canada border", "seg_content": "PORT HURON , Mich. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- More than a half-ton of marijuana has been found in a commercial truck attempting to cross into Michigan from Canada via the Blue Water Bridge . U.S. Customs and Border Protection says the truck 's records indicated it was hauling office furniture to various locations in Michigan . Officers found more than 1,114 pounds of marijuana in vacuum-sealed packages concealed in cardboard boxes . Authorities have seized more than 4,400 pounds of marijuana at ports of entry across Michigan since March . The Blue Water Bridge spans the St. Clair River and connects Port Huron , Michigan , to Sarnia , Ontario .", "url": "https://www.upmatters.com/news/michigan-news/more-than-half-ton-of-marijuana-found-in-truck-at-michigan-and-canada-border/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01547034109252545, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhBrapE", "stitle": "Do n't Buy Aurora Cannabis Stock Until These 2 Things Happen", "seg_title_stem": "do not buy Aurora Cannabis Stock until these 2 thing happen", "seg_content": "If popularity translated to solid performance in the stock market , Aurora Cannabis -LRB- NYSE : ACB -RRB- would be one of the best marijuana-related investments around . The pot grower has been a regular on the list of the 100 most popular stocks on the trading app Robinhood , but the notoriety has n't helped its business . Over the past year , the company 's market cap and stock price have both declined by more than 75 % . In all fairness , the entire marijuana industry has struggled and even the top dogs are anxiously awaiting better days . The market for cannabis will expand significantly if more countries opt to legalize recreational use of marijuana for adults . Aurora Cannabis stands firmly in a position to benefit from such a situation . Of course , a legalization scenario in the United States is far from guaranteed . Still , the sector has made significant progress over the past three years . Canada has legalized recreational marijuana and edibles , and the U.S. has legalized hemp and hemp-derived products . It is safe to say that general public perception , normal medical recommendations , and government attitudes are all trending toward legalization . But even if favorable laws sweep the globe , Aurora Cannabis is n't the company investors should pick to get their feet wet in cannabis -- at least not until it treats the following two issues . 1 . Aurora Cannabis needs a partner with big pockets Relying on dilutive forms of financing is not ideal , but in the early stages , many pot companies have had no choice but to give up some ownership . Since those early stages , some pot stocks have managed to team up with established corporations that have given them access to cash to expand their operations . Canopy Growth , for example , found a partner in Constellation Brands . In 2017 , the beverage maker acquired a 9.9 % stake in Canopy for 245 million Canadian dollars and in May , Constellation upped its stake to 38.6 % . Just like its competitors , Aurora Cannabis understands the importance of finding a larger corporation to team up with . That 's why investors rejoiced when the company retained the advising services of billionaire investor Nelson Peltz in March 2019 . Peltz was hired to line up potential partnerships that would grant Aurora Cannabis access to the market segments where cannabis is positioned to disrupt business . But more than a year after the hire , Aurora Cannabis has yet to land a partner that matches the caliber of Constellation Brands . The marijuana company could go on to be successful without a devoted teammate . But in my view , Aurora Cannabis will have a hard time competing with its similarly sized peers in the long run unless it lands a strong ally that can supply cash and flexibility . 2 . Aurora Cannabis needs to improve its balance sheet To put it mildly , Aurora Cannabis 's balance sheet is not pretty . The company had about CA$ 2.4 billion in goodwill at the end of the third quarter of its fiscal year 2020 , which closed on March 31 . Goodwill is an intangible asset that accounts for the purchase price of another company ; in Aurora 's case , it 's mostly derived from its Danish and South American assets . The pot grower had CA$ 4.7 billion in total assets , which means goodwill made up roughly 51.2 % of the company 's total . Currently , it has not incurred any impairments of goodwill or intangibles . But it may have to eventually write down its goodwill , which will definitely hurt the company 's bottom line . What makes its financial situation worse is the fact that Aurora Cannabis still is n't consistently profitable . During its third quarter , the company recorded a net loss of CA$ 137.4 million . This is only slightly down from CA$ 160.1 million in the prior-year period . The company also had roughly CA$ 613 million in long-term liabilities at the end of this quarter , while generating only $ 305 million in revenue during the trailing-12-month period . Aurora Cannabis is not an attractive stock until it cleans up its balance sheet . It 's not a buy , yet Despite its woes over the past year , Aurora Cannabis ' stock could sink even lower . Unless the company manages to get access to large amounts of non-dilutive capital and improves its perilous balance sheet , this cannabis stock is n't one you want to invest in for the long haul . Other players in this sector present much better prospects . That list includes the diversified play Innovative Industrial Properties , a cannabis-focused real estate investment trust -LRB- REIT -RRB- . Innovative Industrial Properties is the leading real estate provider for the medical cannabis industry and can give investors a taste of the medical cannabis industry 's benefits without over-exposure to its risks . With already-performing competitors like Innovative Industrial Properties in the mix , investors might want to step away for Aurora Cannabis until it cleans up its act .", "url": "https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/08/19/dont-buy-aurora-cannabis-stock-until-these-2-thing/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8225053710661324, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhC0oXF", "stitle": "Same-sex penguin couple become parents to chick after adopting egg", "seg_title_stem": "same-sex penguin couple become parent to chick after adopt egg", "seg_content": "A same-sex penguin couple have become parents to a chick after adopting an egg . Electra and Viola , both female penguins , hatched another penguin couple 's egg at the Oceanogràfic aquarium in Valencia , Spain . In a blog post shared on the Oceanogràfic website , it explains that caregivers at the aquarium noticed that Electra and Viola had begun acting in a way commonly associated with penguins that are preparing to reproduce , such as by building a nest out of stones . The aquarium workers therefore decided to take a fertile egg from another couple for Electra and Viola to adopt , resulting in the same-sex penguin couple incubating the egg themselves . This marks the first time a same-sex penguin couple have become parents to an adopted egg at Oceanogràfic , the aquarium added . The chick is one of three to have been born among the colony of 25 Gentoo penguins as of late . In addition to Electra and Viola , the two other penguin couples to have welcomed newly-hatched chicks in the colony are Navi and Aquela and Bolo and Melibea . Oceanogràfic shared several photographs of Electra and Viola with their chick on social media . In one of the pictures , the couple are rubbing their necks against one another , while in another image the chick can be seen poking its head out while nestling underneath one of its parents . Several people commented underneath the aquarium 's Facebook post , one of which wrote : `` Bienvenido al mundo ! '' , meaning `` Welcome to the world ! '' . `` Efectivamente el amor no tiene barreras ... . q gran ejemplo , '' someone else said , translated to mean : `` Indeed love has no barriers ... . what a great example . '' In July 2019 , a same-sex penguin couple at Sea Life London welcomed their first adopted chick , also from the Gentoo species . The female penguin couple , Marama and Rocky , had been together for five years when they were chosen to adopt an egg by the aquarium 's team , after demonstrating that they would make good parents . The aquarium explained that the egg was taken from its birth mother to help relieve the pressure of raising two chicks . `` Marama and Rocky have taken to becoming parents like ducks to water -- or should I say penguins , '' said Graham McGrath , general manager at Sea Life . `` Caring for a newborn is tough for anyone , from the sleepless nights to the constant feeding , yet this wonderful pair of penguin parents are completely unflappable and seem to be taking it all in their stride . ''", "url": "https://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/penguin-couple-same-sex-parents-egg-adopt-chick-born-oceanografic-valencia-a9678091.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Travel": 0.7955162525177002, "Lifestyle_PetsAnimals": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Lifestyle_Travel_Other": 0.7955162525177002, "Lifestyle_PetsAnimals_Wildlife": 0.99820476770401}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0036543246456429827, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhC1rtz", "stitle": "Calumet Village Planning Commission Set to Vote on Marijuana Zoning Changes", "seg_title_stem": "Calumet Village Planning Commission set to vote on Marijuana Zoning change", "seg_content": "Calumet continues to push forward toward the potential opening of the village for recreational marijuana business . At Tuesday night 's village council meeting , it was decided to set a special meeting for the planning commission to approve the zoning ordinance that will clear the way for locating potential businesses in designated areas , including downtown . The meeting has tentatively been scheduled for Thursday . The planning commission still needs to resolve whether it will enforce a 1,000 foot barrier between marijuana businesses and school facilities , or try to reduce the limit to 500 feet to open up more buildings for development . Village manager Caleb Katz said the federal government enforces a 1,000 foot drug free zone around schools . Michigan 's marijuana law also sets the distance at 1,000 feet , but allows local governments to adjust it . Katz says he believes no municipality in Michigan has yet done so . If the zoning ordinance is passed by the planning commission , the village council may hold a special meeting next week to approve it . The zoning change must take effect before the village can vote on the separate ordinance that will govern the marijuana businesses themselves .", "url": "http://www.keweenawreport.com/news/local-news/calumet-village-planning-commission-set-to-vote-on-marijuana-zoning-changes/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9983440041542053}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9983440041542053}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05422840481238976, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhCBE21", "stitle": "Letter : Jack Charlton obituary", "seg_title_stem": "letter : Jack Charlton obituary", "seg_content": "Jack Charlton made more than 25 documentary films with me , about everything from salmon fishing and the Duke of Buccleuch -LRB- affectionately referred to as `` his dukiness '' by Jack -RRB- to his national service in the cavalry and the delights of Blackpool . He was always helpful , friendly , considerate and a good listener . He was also very funny . Jack always referred to me as `` one '' because he said I `` sounded a bit POSH '' . One will miss him very much .", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/2020/aug/19/letter-jack-charlton-obituary", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08796128327363026, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhCiTUH", "stitle": "ALDI deals Aug. 19-25 : Avocados , Mandarins , green grapes , macaroni , chicken breasts , cereal", "seg_title_stem": "ALDI deal Aug. 19-25 : Avocados , Mandarins , green grape , macaroni , chicken breast , cereal", "seg_content": "* This post contains affiliate links which means we may earn a small commission if you use them . Aldi has some terrific deals starting Wednesday , August 19 including Hass Avocados -LRB- $ 0.59 each -RRB- , green grapes , organic bananas , Mandarins , chicken breasts -LRB- $ 1.69 / lb -RRB- , cheese , frozen potato puffs , elbow macaroni , corn chips , Millville Frosted Flakes and more ! These deals are valid August 19-25 , 2020 . Produce Organic bananas , .55 / lb Hass Avocados , .59 each Green grapes , .95 / lb Organic baby peeled carrots , 16 oz , $ 1.19 Cantaloupe , $ 1.29 each Gourmet Medley Tomatoes , 12 oz , $ 2.89 Little Salad Bar chopped salad kit , 12 oz , $ 2.89 Mandarins , 3 lb bag , $ 2.89 Meat Chicken breasts , fresh , boneless , skinless , family pack , $ 1.69 / lb , limit 4 St. Louis pork spareribs , $ 2.29 / lb Kirkwood Breaded Chicken Fillets , 24 oz frozen , $ 5.99 Kirkwood chicken breasts , frozen , 48 oz , $ 5.59 Atlantic salmon , $ 6.99 / lb Ribeye steaks , fresh , organic , grass-fed , $ 9.99 / lb Dairy & Frozen Happy Farms deli-sliced Swiss cheese , 7 oz , $ 1.79 Happy Farms cheese snack sticks , 9 oz , $ 2.49 Happy Farms Sharp Cheddar or Colby Jack Shredded Cheese , 12 oz , $ 2.79 Season 's Choice Steamable California Medley , 12 oz frozen , .95 Season 's Choice Potato Puffs , frozen , 32 oz , $ 1.59 Season 's Choice Steamable Asian Medley or Broccoli Stir Fry , 12 oz frozen , $ 1.79 Season 's Choice Riced Cauliflower , plain or garlic , 12 oz , frozen , $ 1.89 Shelf Stable Burman 's Deli Mustard , 12 oz , .89 Elbow Macaroni , 32 oz box , $ 1.09 L'oven Fresh plain bagels , 20 oz , $ 1.19 L'oven Fresh Hawaiian Sweet Rolls , 12 oz , $ 1.39 Clancy 's Big Dippers or Chili Cheese Corn Chips , 9.25 oz , $ 1.49 Nature 's Nectar 100 % Juice Boxes , 8 count , $ 1.49 Clancy 's party size wavy potato chips , 15.25 oz , $ 1.79 Millville Frosted Flakes , family size , 26.8 oz , $ 1.79 Fusia Asian Inspirations Stir Fry Sauce , assorted , 14.5 oz , $ 2.09 PurAqua purified water , 24 pack 10 oz bottles , $ 2.29 Southern Grove On The Go Trail Mix , 12 oz , $ 2.59 Arizona Iced Tea , gallon , $ 2.78 Lofthouse S'mores Frosted Sugar Cookies , 13.5 oz , $ 2.89 Bake Shop 8 '' apple pie , 24 oz , $ 3.49 LaCroix Curate , 8 count cans , $ 3.88 Clancy 's Snack Combo , 18 count , 1 oz bags , $ 3.99 Non-Food Boulder sandwich bags , reclosable , 100 count , $ 1.49 Huntington Home 3-Wick Candle , $ 3.99 Shopping bag , shopping basket , vinyl tablecloth , Crane stadium seta , mesh back chair , sheet set , blanket , bed pillow , storage ottoman , alarm clock , Backroom shelf , bath mat , shower caddy with pole , hair straightening brush , power toothbrush , haircut kit , toilet brush . Aldi Coupon and Store policies * ALDI does not accept manufacturer coupons * You will need to bring your own bags to bag your groceries . They do not provide bags for free . * If you wish to use a grocery cart , you will need to deposit a quarter into the cart machine and you will get it back when you return the cart . * They accept cash , credit , debit and EBT cards as forms of payment . They do not accept checks . There is more information available on their website . Aldi Delivery through Instacart Aldi is now offering delivery through Instacart in area stores . Get $ 10 off your first order when you sign up at the Instacart website HERE . . This post may contain affiliate links which means we may earn a small commission if you use them .", "url": "https://www.wral.com/aldi-deals-aug-19-25-avocados-mandarins-green-grapes-macaroni-chicken-breasts-cereal/19243191/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.27393915097308186, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'tried-and-true': 1}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhCkFIv", "stitle": "This Mental Monster Miata With V8 Power Conquers All At Drag Strip", "seg_title_stem": "this mental monster Miata with V8 Power Conquers All at Drag Strip", "seg_content": "Not long after Mazda debuted the MX-5 Miata , folks began swapping out the stock four-cylinder for thumping American V8 engines . One company even offered a fairly convenient conversion that was marketed as the Monster Miata , but the Miata in this clip from 1320video is truly a monster of epic proportions . According to the video , the owner of this wild Miata is Tony Thompson and he loves ripping this thing down the drag strip . The car is well-suited for such action , starting with a built Ford V8 engine up front . We are n't given details on the mill ; the Boss 302 decals on the fenders suggest it 's a tried-and-true 5.0-liter but we 're told it 's a stroker motor , so the displacement is likely quite a bit more than that . It 's also connected to an old-school manual transmission , so Thompson is shifting this thing like crazy going down the track . How cool is that ? And he does a lot of shifting . In addition to the big engine , this Miata now has a beefy 9-inch solid rear axle with ladder bars and massive tires . It 's the preferred setup for launching hard and going straight , and this Miata can reach 145 mph at the end of the quarter-mile . We see him make low-10-second passes throughout this clip , and he says he 's gone as quick as 9.71 seconds . Watching this car launch like a crazed sasquatch on cocaine , we have no problem believing that . Save Thousands On A New Mazda MX-5 Miata Miata purists might frown over the destruction of its weight balance and handling prowess , but holy cow is this guy having all kinds of fun . Racing at Lucas Oil Raceway in Indianapolis , Indiana , he dispatches every competitor in his class , including an older SN95 Mustang Cobra Jet that was purpose-built by Ford for drag racing . And perhaps the best part ? The crazy Miata is street legal , so after besting all challengers , he drove home with a smile .", "url": "https://www.motor1.com/news/439903/monster-miata-v8-drag-strip/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Vehicles": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.009600802486551058, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhCqSkW", "stitle": "One driver cited , another flown to hospital after Hwy . 126 crash near Powell Butte", "seg_title_stem": "one driver cite , another fly to hospital after Hwy . 126 crash near Powell Butte", "seg_content": "-LRB- Update : Crook County Sheriff 's Office information -RRB- POWELL BUTTE , Ore. -LRB- KTVZ -RRB- -- An Albany man was cited for reckless driving Wednesday morning after his car slammed into the back of another car stopped to turn left on Highway 126 east of Powell Butte , causing a three-car crash that toppled a power pole and sent another driver to the hospital , Crook County sheriff 's deputies said . Deputies were dispatched around 5:20 a.m. to the reported crash on Highway 126 at Southwest Parrish Lane that left a power pole blocking the highway , Sgt. Jacob Childers said . An investigation found that a 52-year-old Bend man driving a Honda Fit had stopped in the eastbound lane , waiting to turn left onto Parrish Road , Childers said . A Hyundai Accent driven by Orion Tillitt , 21 , of Albany , also was heading east and he failed to stop , rear-ending the Hyundai at near-highway speed , the sergeant said . The force of the impact pushed the Hyundai into the westbound lane , where it collided head-on with an oncoming Ford F-150 pickup driven by a 33-year-old Clackamas man . The pickup left the road and struck a fence and power pole , shearing off the poll and sending it falling onto the highway . Crook County Fire & Rescue medics cut the pickup driver out of the vehicle and he was taken by Life Flight helicopter to St. Charles Bend with possible serious injuries , Childers said . The Honda Fit 's driver was taken by ambulance to St. Charles Prineville with minor injuries . Tillitt was cited in lieu of custody at the scene for reckless driving . He was taken by Redmond Fire to St. Charles Redmond with minor injuries , Childers said . The Crook County Sheriff 's Office also was assisted on the scene by Prineville police , Oregon State Police , ODOT and Pacific Power , whose repair crews were on scene to replace the pole and restore power to about 80 area customers . The crash and replacement of the downed power pole that cut power to about 60 customers closed the road for more than two hours in the area of milepost 11 , west of Stillman Road and four miles east of Powell Butte , ODOT TripCheck indicated . A detour was in place , but ODOT encouraged motorists to use an alternate route . Despite the detour , the crash and closure led to major traffic backups in the area .", "url": "https://ktvz.com/news/accidents-crashes/2020/08/19/3-vehicle-crash-brings-down-power-lines-shuts-hwy-126-east-of-powell-butte/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02725498129315821, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhCwgwY", "stitle": "3 Armed with Handguns Shoot Up Business in La Mesa Strip Mall", "seg_title_stem": "3 arm with handgun shoot up business in La Mesa Strip mall", "seg_content": "Three people armed with handguns shot at a business and a vehicle in La Mesa , but no one was struck by the gunfire , police said Wednesday . The shooting happened shortly after 8 p.m. Tuesday in the 7400 block of El Cajon Boulevard , just west of Parks Avenue , La Mesa Police Lt. Brian Stoney said . The target of the shooting was an occupied business in a strip mall , Stoney said . The business ' front window was shattered by the gunfire . The lieutenant did not disclose the name of the business . `` This appears to be an isolated incident , '' Stoney said Tuesday . `` And although the suspects should be considered armed and dangerous , we do not believe there is any further threat in this immediate area right now . '' At least four men were inside the business when officer arrived , but were uninjured , the lieutenant said , adding that the men were detained for questioning . Officers spotted a vehicle driving away from the business with several bullet holes in its windshield , he said . Officers stopped the vehicle and also detained its two occupants , both men , for questioning . Witnesses told police they saw three people armed with handguns open fire on the business and the vehicle before fleeing in a vehicle , described only as a dark SUV , Stoney said . The suspect vehicle was last seen heading westbound on El Cajon Boulevard . No description of the suspects was immediately available and a motive for the shooting remains unclear . Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call La Mesa Police at 619-667-1400 . -- City News Service", "url": "https://timesofsandiego.com/crime/2020/08/19/3-armed-with-handguns-shoot-up-business-in-la-mesa-strip-mall/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000090599060059}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000090599060059}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05590600898922933, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhCx8kM", "stitle": "PBSO : Marijuana sale turned into robbery , shooting at Boynton-area home", "seg_title_stem": "PBSO : Marijuana sale turn into robbery , shooting at boynton-area home", "seg_content": "BOYNTON BEACH -- A marijuana sale Sunday turned into a robbery and then a shooting , with two brothers and their father confronting a gunman in their suburban Boynton Beach home , authorities allege in court papers . Navarri Matthew , 20 , of West Palm Beach is charged with attempted murder in the shooting of Hugh Geribon , the father , and aggravated battery with a firearm in the shooting of David Geribon , as well as the armed robbery of Joshua Geribon , according to court records and a Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office report . Matthew also is charged with aggravated assault with a firearm . He remained in the Palm Beach County Jail Wednesday after Judge Ted Booras ordered he be held without bond . The two gunshot victims were treated at Delray Medical Center , the report said . PBSO said in a news release that Matthew later confessed to the shootings . A call to a number listed for Matthew in the report , as well as numbers for the brothers and father , were not returned . The brothers ' mother , and the man 's ex-wife , said Wednesday she did not want to comment except to say , `` I hope that justice will be served . '' The report said the confrontation took place at about 7:45 p.m. Sunday at the home that brothers Joshua , 24 , and David , 23 , share with their father on the 7900 block of LaRose Court in the Lake Charleston community at Hypoluxo and Hagen Ranch roads . The report does n't say if anyone else was at the home . Joshua Geribon told detectives he 'd known Matthew for about five months and had sold him marijuana several times . He said Matthew had asked for a large purchase , and the two had arranged to meet at the Geribon home . Joshua Geribon said Matthew had walked with him into his bedroom and collected the marijuana , and Joshua had turned to answer a text message on his cellphone when he heard the sound of a bullet being chambered . He said he turned around to see Matthew pointing a black handgun and saying he wanted `` everything . '' He said he told Matthew to take whatever he wanted and leave . Joshua said Matthew forced him out of the bedroom , where Hugo , sitting at a table , saw them and reacted . Matthew shot the father twice , in the right shoulder and left leg . David told detectives he was in his bedroom and heard the shots , then heard a male voice say , `` Get him . '' He said he ran out and saw Matthew pointing the gun at his brother . He said he and David jumped Matthew and the three scuffled , with Matthew saying he 'd kill everyone if they did n't let him go , according to the arrest report . David said that during the struggle , the gun went off , and a bullet struck him in the lower left leg . Matthew eventually let go of the gun and ran out to his car . Carrying Matthew 's gun , Joshua followed him out , the report said . He told detectives that he feared Matthew might have another gun , so he fired once into the back window of the car before Matthew drove off . The PBSO report did not indicate whether any of the Geribons would face criminal charges for selling marijuana from their home . ek@pbpost.com @eliotkpbp", "url": "https://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/20200818/pbso-marijuana-sale-turned-into-robbery-shooting-at-boynton-area-home", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3251041336686208, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1, 'scumbag': 1, 'nudist': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhCzKBP", "stitle": "Florida Man Caught Knocking on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_title_stem": "Florida Man Caught knock on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_content": "The sheriff in Santa Rosa County , Florida did n't mince words when it came to the case of a 50-year-old man caught on camera stalking a 7-year-old girl while in the nude . WEAR-TV in Pensacola shared video of a press conference at which Sheriff Bob Johnson provided details about the case , calling suspect Eric Straight a scumbag and saying he 'd have been fine with the girl 's father stomping Straight into a mud patch . `` My press conferences , sometimes ... I get a little heated because we 've discussed some really bad things , but today I think we broke a record , '' he said . `` Can you put the scumbag 's picture up there for me ? '' He then proceeded to brief the press on Straight 's case , even screening footage of Straight walking up to the girl 's home and knocking on her window while wearing nothing but his birthday suit . He was filmed doing this on three separate occasions late at night . Unfortunately , her parents have reason to believe it happened several times before , which is why they installed the cameras . `` You know , I ca n't make this up , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` A fifty year old man naked knocking on a seven year old girl 's window . The parents obviously let us know , and we do an investigation , we arrest him . '' Johnson said kudos to the parents for installing cameras to catch Straight in the act . Unfortunately , Straight is out on bond . `` I have a funny feeling that if that was my seven year old daughter , and I do have a daughter , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` but if she was seven years old and this dude was outsid her window naked , it would n't have ended well for him . I do n't know that he would have been arrested . '' When asked what would have happened had the parents taken action against Straight , Johnson did n't hold back . `` That would have been awesome , '' Johnson said . `` That 's all I would have said about that . That would have been awesome , because this guy , I mean , you ca n't really say hey , he was over there for any other purpose . I mean , he 's naked outside a seven year old 's window knocking on it . '' `` If -LSB- the girl 's father -RSB- would 've come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , we would have been fine with that . I would n't have minded at all . Matter of fact , I kind of wish it would have ended like that . '' So , to recap : This 50-year-old man was walking up to a little girl 's window late at night in the nude and tapping on the glass . What . The . Hell ? He even removed the screen , so while I 'm professionally obligated to say everyone is innocent until proven guilty ... yeah , I think it 's safe to say he was n't up to anything good . According to the girl 's family , Straight , a next door neighbor they 've known for two years , considers himself a nudist , and had been told by the girl 's family before that he was not welcome on their property without clothes on . Straight has been charged with aggravated stalking and trespassing . Sheriff Johnson told reporters Straight is under a temporary restraining order while awaiting trial , and if he even sets foot outside his home while that little girl is outside playing on her lawn , he 's going straight to jail . This story is deeply disturbing , and I do n't want to make light of it in any way . That said , I have to commend Sheriff Johnson for being so blunt and honest . As both a law enforcement officer and a father , I 'm sure he 's absolutely exhausted with seeing children victimized like this , and he spoke from the heart . If this had happened in Texas , I get the feeling I 'd be writing about a naked man shot dead outside a little girl 's window . That 's all I have to say .", "url": "https://kfmx.com/florida-man-caught-knocking-on-7-year-olds-window-in-the-nude/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9740140438079834}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9740140438079834}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11978215281309156, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'perverted': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhD2skW", "stitle": "Bradford sex abuse foster carer Robert Taylor dies in jail", "seg_title_stem": "Bradford sex abuse foster carer Robert Taylor die in jail", "seg_content": "An ex-school chaplain jailed for raping and sexually abusing children he was fostering has died days after being sentenced to nearly 15 years in prison . Robert Taylor , 52 , carried out the abuse at his home in Bradford , the city 's crown court heard . In sentencing him on 12 August , Judge Jonathan Rose told Taylor his crimes were `` disgusting perverted behaviour '' . The Ministry of Justice confirmed the death at HMP Armley in Leeds but offered no further explanation . A statement said : `` HMP Leeds prisoner Robert Taylor died on 17 August and the Prisons and Probation Ombudsman has been informed . '' The defendant admitted 17 counts of sex offences against children , including six rapes . Judge Rose told him he had engaged in `` degrading , humiliating behaviour '' and he would be on the sex offenders register for life . The court heard Taylor had been arrested after he went to a Bradford police station and admitted his offending history , despite the fact there had been no complaint and no evidence . Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram . Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk or send video here .", "url": "https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-leeds-53840308", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0062220748612247115, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhD9iUN", "stitle": "More than half-ton of marijuana found in truck from Canada", "seg_title_stem": "more than half-ton of marijuana find in truck from Canada", "seg_content": "PORT HURON , Mich. -- More than a half-ton of marijuana has been found in a commercial truck attempting to cross into Michigan from Canada via the Blue Water Bridge . U.S. Customs and Border Protection says the truck 's records indicated it was hauling office furniture to various locations in Michigan . Officers found more than 1,114 pounds of marijuana in vacuum-sealed packages concealed in cardboard boxes . Authorities have seized more than 4,400 pounds of marijuana at ports of entry across Michigan since March . The Blue Water Bridge spans the St. Clair River and connects Port Huron , Michigan , to Sarnia , Ontario . ► Make it easy to keep up to date with more stories like this . Download the 13 ON YOUR SIDE app now . Have a news tip ? Email news@13onyourside.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter . Subscribe to our YouTube channel .", "url": "https://www.wzzm13.com/article/news/local/marijuana/half-ton-marijuana-found-in-canadian-truck/69-d0a02e08-b8ec-4fed-9b52-3532fcec15a2", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.015942820687362497, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhDEYKh", "stitle": "Jim Belushi explains how medical marijuana could have helped save his brother John Belushi 's life", "seg_title_stem": "Jim Belushi explain how medical marijuana could have help save he brother John Belushi 's life", "seg_content": "EXCLUSIVE : Jim Belushi is eager to blaze a trail with his latest role -- that of cannabis owner . The 66-year-old actor and comedian is starring in a new reality TV series on Discovery titled `` Growing Belushi , '' which chronicles the star 's life as he runs a 93-acre Oregon farm with his family . Some of Belushi 's brands include Captain Jack 's Gulzar Afghanica , known in the '70s as `` the smell of SNL , '' as well as Black Diamond and Cherry Pie , which he describes as `` the marriage counselor . '' `` I just thought that this was something that nobody 's ever seen , '' Belushi told Fox News on what compelled him to allow cameras to follow him , his family and employees around . CHEECH & CHONG REFLECT ON ` UP IN SMOKE ' SUCCESS : ` THE STUDIO HAD NO IDEA WHAT WE WERE DOING ' `` I think there are people that are very frightened about cannabis and its attributes and I thought , ` You know what ? If everybody just sees how it 's grown , sees the people that are involved , that really care ... the testing that 's involved , the safety involved , they may feel a little more relaxed about trying cannabis . ' '' Belushi shared that he is a strong believer in the medicinal benefits marijuana can provide to those seeking alternatives to help them cope with several health woes , including anxiety , sleeplessness , and Alzheimer 's . `` It 's nonviolent , '' he explained . `` It also leads to a higher consciousness , which leads to compassion and empathy for others . I mean , that 's all part of the wellness of cannabis . I 've learned all that . We show it on ` Growing Belushi . ' It 's really cool . And the show is very funny because I 'm an idiot . You 're watching my education in farming and cannabis and some funny stuff . '' BEAR GRYLLS TALKS NEW COMPETITION SHOW ` WORLD 'S TOUGHEST RACE ' OZZY OSBOURNE 'S DAUGHTER AIMEE HAS NO REGRETS ABOUT NOT FILMING FAMILY 'S REALITY SHOW ` THE OSBOURNES ' Belushi 's passion for his farm is partly fueled by a personal tragedy . His brother , John Belushi , passed away in 1982 at age 33 from a drug overdose . Jim Belushi believed the `` Saturday Night Live '' star was likely self-medicating to address head injuries he suffered from early on in his life . `` My brother , I think , suffered from CTE , '' Belushi explained . `` He was a middle linebacker , captain of the team , all-state and all-conference . And he banged his head for four years . He got the most tackles in our high school and he got his bell rung a lot . There -LSB- were -RSB- a lot of concussions . And back then , they 'd say , ` What 's the matter ? You got your bell rung ? Get back in there Belushi . ' `` Senior year he seizured in our home , and we did n't know what it was , '' Belushi recalled . Belushi previously told the Alchemy podcast that despite spinal taps and X-rays , doctors could n't determine the cause of his sibling 's seizure . According to Belushi , it was during college that `` cannabis was medicine for him . '' But at the time , marijuana was n't recognized as a legal treatment option . ` THE SINNER ' STAR BILL PULLMAN REFLECTS ON HIS FRIENDSHIP WITH JOHN CANDY : ` HE TOOK ME UNDER HIS WING ' `` It was all considered one drug , '' he remarked . `` But I believe what Dan Aykroyd says : ` If John was a pothead he 'd be alive today , ' '' Belushi continued . `` And we think the medicine could have really helped him with that CTE , that suffering . That 's one of my purposes . '' Belushi 's farm offers the `` Blues Brothers '' brand of cannabis products , which pays homage to the 1980 film starring John and Aykroyd , 68 . `` It 's got the music , it 's got the fun , the mischievousness and it 's got the mission from God , which is the healing , '' said Belushi . So ` Blues Brothers ' is perfect for cannabis , and that 's part of what ` Growing Belushi ' is all about -- attaining the ` Blues Brothers ' rights . It 's fun with Dan Aykroyd in it ... We have a lot of fun . '' ` BELOW DECK ' STAR CAPTAIN LEE ROSBACH HONORS SON AFTER FATAL DRUG OVERDOSE : ` IT 'S NEVER OUT OF YOUR MIND ' Belushi believes he 's onto something . He described how he visited a dispensary in Western Oregon where he encountered a veteran who truly made him realize that his unlikely path into farming was worth it . `` He looked at me , '' Belushi recalled . `` I said , ` Are you all right ? ' Then he just looked , stared at me . And he said , ` I was in Iraq . I was a medic , and I saw things that happened in the human body that nobody should ever witness . ' And he said , ` I have PTSD . They say I have triple PTSD , and they gave me a bottle ... of Oxycotin ... to help me . I got off it , and I have trouble talking to my wife and my children and sleeping . ' '' `` And he said , ` Your Black Diamond is the only thing that relaxes me enough to take away the terror in my heart and talk to my family and sleep , ' '' Belushi continued . `` He hugged me with tears , and I said , ` I did n't make this . ' He goes , ` No , but you 're the steward . ' That was the point where it all changed for me . There are so many people suffering out there . Trauma ... number one fear in life is death . The number two fear in life -- collapse of family . And families collapse from alcoholism , from divorce , from someone who dies in their family . Like my family -- it totally collapsed my family . RANDY FENOLI ON WHY ` SAY YES TO THE DRESS ' IS THE PERFECT QUARANTINE SHOW : PEOPLE ` NEED HOPE ' BO DEREK REFLECTS ON GIVING BACK TO AMERICAN VETERANS : ` THERE 'S JUST SO MUCH WE DO N'T DO FOR OUR HEROES ' `` We all have trauma that 's ... screaming inside ... All I 'm saying is from my experience with veterans especially is that cannabis is safe , clean and peaceful ... That veteran changed my life . '' `` Growing Belushi '' premieres August 19 at 10 p.m. on Discovery .", "url": "https://www.890kdxu.com/jim-belushi-explains-how-medical-marijuana-could-have-helped-save-his-brother-john-belushis-life/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9998928308486938}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9998928308486938}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11979141631559419, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhDMviy", "stitle": "Deaf filmmaker uses vibrating suit to ` feel ' music", "seg_title_stem": "deaf filmmaker use vibrate suit to ` feel ' music", "seg_content": "Filmmaker Chase Burton uses a vibrating suit that lets him `` feel '' rather than hear sounds . Made by Not Impossible Labs , it 's a new way of experiencing music -- for both deaf and hearing audiences .", "url": "https://www.yaktrinews.com/i/deaf-filmmaker-uses-vibrating-suit-to-feel-music/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.8855611681938171}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.8855611681938171}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.18798956804177122, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'breastfeed': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhDrUTm", "stitle": "Overlake Medical Center opens 1st breast milk distribution site in Washington state", "seg_title_stem": "Overlake Medical Center open 1st breast milk distribution site in Washington state", "seg_content": "BELLEVUE , Wash. -- When 9-month-old Nachi was born at Overlake Medical Center , he ended up in the NICU and was treated for jaundice . Nachi was not able to breastfeed , and he rejected baby formula . His mother , Prashali Moodabettu , was worried he would n't be getting the critical nutrition he needed . `` At that time , my milk had not come in , and he did not know how to latch because we had not made progress on it , '' said Moodabettu . Luckily , Nachi was to able receive donor breast milk through Northwest Mothers Milk Bank in Portland , Oregon . `` So , when there 's that gap in what mom can supply and what baby needs , donor milk is used to protect that very fragile infant gut , especially in our very fragile hospitalized babies , '' said Sandy Salmon , director of Overlake 's Women 's and Infant 's Services . Now , getting donor milk is even easier . Overlake Medical Center has partnered with Northwest Mothers Milk Bank to open Washington state 's first breast milk distribution site right on campus , which means moms can purchase milk if they have a prescription for a medical need after they are discharged and go home . Moms can also donate and drop off the milk right in Bellevue , which means the donor milk comes from local moms and is given to local moms . You do n't need to be a patient at Overlake to receive the donor breast milk . Being able to pick up the milk right in Bellevue means moms are able to get the milk faster . `` Having the milk distribution site here at Overlake makes the ease of getting milk so much better for our parents , '' said Salmon . `` Before they had to get all their milk shipped from Portland and there could be delays in gaps which caused a lot of panic , frustration , and anxiety , which is what we want to alleviate . '' The mother who is donating milk will undergo a screening process and blood tests similar to the screening process used at blood banks . The milk is tested and goes through a thorough pasteurization process to kill any bacteria or viruses . The milk is tested again before it is distributed to hospitals . Moodabettu is now able to donate her breast milk and is about to make her second donation . She said it feels good to give back to other moms in the community . `` There are four steps and it takes about 30 days to go through all the little steps , but it 's totally worth it , '' said Moodabettu . Families who want to purchase donor milk should get a prescription from their medical provider , including the baby 's name , date of birth , diagnosis code , and volume needed . Parents should call the Overlake Mom & Baby Care Center to make sure donor milk is available .", "url": "https://www.king5.com/article/news/local/overlake-medical-center-breast-milk-distribution-site/281-93f3de7c-5d1b-4cb5-aefa-8733f1e7af9c", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9997349381446838, "Society": 0.9676075577735901}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9997349381446838, "Society_Relationships": 0.9676075577735901}, "third_cat": {"Society_Relationships_Family": 0.8989834785461426}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.027136503193441373, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhDtYwG", "stitle": "Vicente Fox : From President To Cannabis Leader", "seg_title_stem": "Vicente Fox : from President to Cannabis Leader", "seg_content": "From businessman to the 55th president of Mexico to current cannabis activist , Vicente Fox has become one of the most influential figures in Latin America . The former president and Coca-Cola Co. executive went from being very conservative on marijuana to becoming one of its more notable supporters . He firmly believes that after fighting the so-called war on drugs in Mexico , that legalization is the only way to stop the consequences of it . During his presidency , this was not the case as he wanted to reinforce the battle against organized crime . In the first months of his term , Fox bragged of having eradicated 17,000 hectares of marijuana -- 12 % more than the previous year . Despite his efforts against drug trafficking , his term was marked by increased violence , and the first escape of the infamous Chapo Guzman . After witnessing how the drug war brought death and injustice to many Latin American countries , Fox , now 78 , eventually changed his mind . He now promotes cannabis as an industry believing it could improve the region 's economy once it is put it in the hands of entrepreneurs , investors , farmers and small producers . `` We 've seen so much violence , hundreds of thousands of young people die in the hands of drug-related violence over the last decade , '' Fox said in 2018 . `` It makes no sense I am an intense believer in freedom . I think all prohibitions should disappear off the face of the earth -- except for those limiting anything that affects a third party . '' Today , Fox is a director on many boards of different cannabis companies , including Khiron Life Sciences Corp , Helix TCS Inc. , and High Times Magazine . Current Mexican Cannabis Legalization According to MJ Biz Daily , Mexico 's deadline to legalize cannabis has been extended to Dec. 15 , 2020 . The original deadline was April 30 . Mexico 's Supreme Court accepted a request from Senators to postpone the bill 's approval . The Senate 's next ordinary session period begins next month . Illustration by Bocha Barrena . All rights reserved .", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17158153/vicente-fox-from-president-to-cannabis-leader", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9273337125778198}, "second_cat": {"Society_Advocacy": 0.9273337125778198}, "third_cat": {"Society_Advocacy_Other": 0.9273337125778198}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2876285693175668, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'porn': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'porn': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhEIvrp", "stitle": "Sex offender from Bad Axe pleads guilty to having hundreds of images of child porn", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender from Bad Axe plead guilty to have hundred of image of child porn", "seg_content": "BAY CITY , MI -- Previously convicted of child abuse and sexual misconduct , a Bad Axe man is facing up to 30 years in a federal prison after pleading guilty to child pornography charges . A grand jury in February indicted Robert L. White , 37 , on two counts each of receipt of child pornography and possession of child pornography , and one count of production of child pornography . The last charge relates to White allegedly forcing an 11-year-old girl to engage in sexually explicit conduct , which he recorded in some form between March and June 2017 . White on Aug. 5 appeared before U.S. District Magistrate Judge Patricia T. Morris and pleaded guilty to one count of receipt of child porn in exchange for the dismissal of the other four counts . The investigation into White began Aug. 17 , 2019 , when Harbor Beach police received a complaint against White that he had child porn on his cellphone . The day before , White had been staying at a friend 's Harbor Beach home when the friend used his cellphone and noticed several illicit photos of girls aged 7 to 12 on it , court records state . Police seized White 's phone and found about 14 illegal images on it , at least four of which had been downloaded to the device on Aug. 15 . After being read his Miranda rights by investigators , White stated he knew he would be arrested for the images on his phone . `` He admitted he knew it was wrong to have those pictures of underage people and he would have to pay the price , '' the plea agreement states . `` He stated he did not need to be locked up , but needed help and treatment . He stated he obtained the pictures through a ` text link ' and that he downloaded photos , but did not know why he did it . '' Investigators seized numerous cellphones , a laptop , a desktop , and a digital camera . `` A search of White 's devices revealed that he possessed approximately three videos and 902 photographs containing visual depictions of sexually explicit conduct involving minors , '' the plea agreement states . `` A majority of the images depicted prepubescent children . According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children -LRB- NCMEC -RRB- records , at least 209 of the images contained an identified child . '' The agreement further states that White abused an 11-year-old girl on at least three occasions between 2016 and 2017 . This led to White in April 2018 being convicted in Huron County Circuit of fourth-degree criminal sexual conduct and third-degree child abuse . A judge in June 2018 sentenced White to one year in jail , to be followed by probation . White violated his probation and in October 2019 was resentenced on those convictions to 16 months to two years in prison . The Michigan Department of Corrections discharged him on Aug. 11 , 2020 . From those state-level convictions , White must register as a sex offender for the rest of his life . White 's sentencing guidelines on his new federal conviction range from 24.3 to 30.4 years . Records indicate White will also owe $ 5,100 at his sentencing . U.S. District Judge Thomas L. Ludington is to sentence White on Nov. 12 .", "url": "https://www.mlive.com/news/saginaw-bay-city/2020/08/sex-offender-from-bad-axe-pleads-guilty-to-having-hundreds-of-images-of-child-porn.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.899260039136078, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhEJNGG", "stitle": "Why Ashley Tisdale Had Her Breast Implants Removed", "seg_title_stem": "why Ashley Tisdale have she breast implant remove", "seg_content": "Ashley Tisdale recently revealed that she removed her breast implants for one meaningful reason , and that it was the best decision she has ever made . Ashley Tisdale , 35 , took to Instagram to post her latest bikini photo by the beach . The August 17 photo quickly amassed 278,400 reactions and earned thousands of praises from fans . Beyond the actress 's swimsuit display is a heartfelt message addressed to herself . It was also the reason why many of her Instagram followers admired her authenticity . The `` High School Musical '' star , who underwent breast enhancement surgery , explained that she began to struggle with `` minor health issues . '' Tisdale pointed out that her breast surgery several years back maybe one of the reasons she felt low in her life . She thought the surgery would help her achieve a certain level of confidence . She also developed sensitivities when it comes to food as well as gut issues , which ultimately led her to remove the implants last winter . View this post on Instagram Hey Guys !! So #Lemons premiere date has been pushed to the 29th ! So sorry but we needed a tad bit more time HOWEVER we will have something special regarding lemons this Friday !! I love you guys !! A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on May 20 , 2020 at 8:22 am PDT For Tisdale , it was a journey to self-growth , self-discovery , self-acceptance , and self-love . She said that she finally learned the importance of living a `` non-toxic life . '' The photo she shared on social media was taken two months after her surgery , and in it she appeared contented and happy . She said : `` This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . '' View this post on Instagram Hey guys , this is probably the most personal post I 've ever shared . As you know , I 've been very open about my mental health journey and feel that this is equally important . Years ago I underwent breast enhancement surgery . Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself . And for a short period of time ... it did . But little by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal . This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love . This picture above was taken two months after my explant surgery and I think you can tell just how happy I am to finally be fully me . Over the years I 've met with many holistic and non-holistic doctors and learned the importance of living a non-toxic life . I 'm super excited to share with you what I 've learned thus far , and would love for you to take this journey with me by following @frenshe , where we take an honest approach to our well-being and openly speak to health , beauty and everything in between . I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . ❤ Love you all ! @frenshe is NOW LIVE !! A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 8:02 am PDT The `` Suite Life of Zack and Cody '' star , who has been open about her mental health journey , not only had breast enhancements but also had her nose done because it has a `` bit of a bump . '' Even though she went under the knife , it does not change the fact that Tisdale is a multi-talented actress , a successful businesswoman , and a successful singer . Aside from her beauty line , `` Illuminate , '' Tisdale had started her new website called `` Frenshe . '' View this post on Instagram Weekend vibes . But can we even it call it a weekend when everyday feels like Saturday all over again . : @rileytaylor A post shared by Ashley Tisdale -LRB- @ashleytisdale -RRB- on May 9 , 2020 at 8:42 am PDT In May , Tisdale released her studio album titled , `` Symtpoms . '' It was her third album , with her previous two albums in 2007 and 2009 . Other than her successful career , she is also a happily-married woman . She tied the knot with Christopher French in 2015 and has kept their relationship away form the spotlight . While they are busy with their careers , Tisdale said they always prioritize their relationship to keep it intact . Tisdale is one of the few Hollywood celebrities who have been open about their beauty enhancements and taking them off for good . Chrissy Teigen also shared publicly that she removed her breast implants in May . The supermodel has been vocal about her journey to body positivity . Many of her model colleagues admired and praised Tiegen 's transparency .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/223858-why-ashley-tisdale-had-her-breast-implan.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9943017959594727}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9943017959594727}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0069302793124477475, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhELxWe", "stitle": "More than half-ton of marijuana found in truck from Canada", "seg_title_stem": "more than half-ton of marijuana find in truck from Canada", "seg_content": "PORT HURON , Mich. -LRB- AP -RRB- - More than a half-ton of marijuana has been found in a commercial truck attempting to cross into Michigan from Canada via the Blue Water Bridge . U.S. Customs and Border Protection says the truck 's records indicated it was hauling office furniture to various locations in Michigan . Officers found more than 1,114 pounds of marijuana in vacuum-sealed packages concealed in cardboard boxes . Authorities have seized more than 4,400 pounds of marijuana at ports of entry across Michigan since March . The Blue Water Bridge spans the St. Clair River and connects Port Huron , Michigan , to Sarnia , Ontario . Copyright 2020 The Associated Press . All rights reserved .", "url": "https://www.abc12.com/2020/08/19/more-than-half-ton-of-marijuana-found-in-truck-from-canada/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.087323469724964, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhERlOY", "stitle": "As Marijuana Legalization Grows , So Will The CBD Market , Report Says", "seg_title_stem": "as Marijuana Legalization grow , so will the CBD Market , Report say", "seg_content": "KEY POINTS The global CBD market id forecast to continue growing in the coming years as marijuana legalization becomes more common Eastern Asia and the South Pacific are expected to be the next boom market for CBD products Several mergers and partnerships have taken place within the CBD industry as companies look to solidify their position in the markets Legalizing marijuana remains a hotly debated topic in many U.S. states and around the world , but areas where it is legal in some form have seen booming new markets emerge . One of those is the CBD market , which offers various oils , capsules , gummies , and vape cartridges without the same `` high '' sensation created by THC . And a new report says the growth will only intensify as the products gain more acceptance . . Both CBD -LRB- or cannabidiol -RRB- and THC -LRB- tetrahydrocannabinol -RRB- are found in cannabis and are considered psychotropic substances but THC is responsible for causing the `` euphoric '' feeling typically associated with marijuana . The report from Research and Markets cited legalization across the U.S. , Canada , the U.K. , Japan , Brazil , and several other countries as providing the `` stamp of approval '' the market needs . `` As a result , the global CBD oil market revenue is predicted to rise at a compounded annual growth rate of 24.3 % CAGR between 2020 and 2025 , '' the report said . `` This is being further supported by the promotion of the chemical as having numerous wellness advantages , by companies , which is helping increase the demand for it among the masses , primarily recreational users . Moreover , as cannabidiol has been claimed to treat depression , movement disorders , anxiety , and pain , its usage among people suffering from these issues is also rising . '' The numbers seem in line with an earlier report by BDS Analytics and Arcview Market Research , which projects that the collective market for CBD sales in the U.S. will surpass $ 20 billion by 2024 . However , general legality is still debated hotly in the U.S. . As of August 2020 , 40 U.S. states and Washington , D.C. , have legalized marijuana either fully or for medicinal uses . . Hemp has also been removed from Controlled Substances Act , but is still considered a Schedule I drug by Drug Enforcement Agency and Food and Drug Administration . The DEA says Schedule I drugs are `` drugs , substances , or chemicals are defined as drugs with no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse . '' Other drugs considered Schedule I drugs are heroin , LSD , and ecstasy . The report also noted that while the U.S. has been the dominant market due to early legalization ; other burgeoning markets are forecast to explode in the coming years . Eastern Asia and the South Pacific are predicted to be the fastest growing markets `` due to the rising requirement for the chemical in South Korea , Japan , and Australia . '' Companies in the space appear to be anticipating this growth and are already planning on how to benefit from it . The report cites recent mergers and partnerships as proof of this as the market 's major players look to solidify their position . Some of the opportunities the mergers provide include `` use the acquired companies ' portfolio to expand their geographical reach , '' `` utilize additional revenue streams , '' and `` expand their product portfolio for core markets . ''", "url": "https://www.ibtimes.com/marijuana-legalization-grows-so-will-cbd-market-report-says-3031059", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3251041336686208, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1, 'scumbag': 1, 'nudist': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhEUdE7", "stitle": "Florida Man Caught Knocking on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_title_stem": "Florida Man Caught knock on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_content": "The sheriff in Santa Rosa County , Florida did n't mince words when it came to the case of a 50-year-old man caught on camera stalking a 7-year-old girl while in the nude . WEAR-TV in Pensacola shared video of a press conference at which Sheriff Bob Johnson provided details about the case , calling suspect Eric Straight a scumbag and saying he 'd have been fine with the girl 's father stomping Straight into a mud patch . `` My press conferences , sometimes ... I get a little heated because we 've discussed some really bad things , but today I think we broke a record , '' he said . `` Can you put the scumbag 's picture up there for me ? '' He then proceeded to brief the press on Straight 's case , even screening footage of Straight walking up to the girl 's home and knocking on her window while wearing nothing but his birthday suit . He was filmed doing this on three separate occasions late at night . Unfortunately , her parents have reason to believe it happened several times before , which is why they installed the cameras . `` You know , I ca n't make this up , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` A fifty year old man naked knocking on a seven year old girl 's window . The parents obviously let us know , and we do an investigation , we arrest him . '' Johnson said kudos to the parents for installing cameras to catch Straight in the act . Unfortunately , Straight is out on bond . `` I have a funny feeling that if that was my seven year old daughter , and I do have a daughter , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` but if she was seven years old and this dude was outsid her window naked , it would n't have ended well for him . I do n't know that he would have been arrested . '' When asked what would have happened had the parents taken action against Straight , Johnson did n't hold back . `` That would have been awesome , '' Johnson said . `` That 's all I would have said about that . That would have been awesome , because this guy , I mean , you ca n't really say hey , he was over there for any other purpose . I mean , he 's naked outside a seven year old 's window knocking on it . '' `` If -LSB- the girl 's father -RSB- would 've come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , we would have been fine with that . I would n't have minded at all . Matter of fact , I kind of wish it would have ended like that . '' So , to recap : This 50-year-old man was walking up to a little girl 's window late at night in the nude and tapping on the glass . What . The . Hell ? He even removed the screen , so while I 'm professionally obligated to say everyone is innocent until proven guilty ... yeah , I think it 's safe to say he was n't up to anything good . According to the girl 's family , Straight , a next door neighbor they 've known for two years , considers himself a nudist , and had been told by the girl 's family before that he was not welcome on their property without clothes on . Straight has been charged with aggravated stalking and trespassing . Sheriff Johnson told reporters Straight is under a temporary restraining order while awaiting trial , and if he even sets foot outside his home while that little girl is outside playing on her lawn , he 's going straight to jail . This story is deeply disturbing , and I do n't want to make light of it in any way . That said , I have to commend Sheriff Johnson for being so blunt and honest . As both a law enforcement officer and a father , I 'm sure he 's absolutely exhausted with seeing children victimized like this , and he spoke from the heart . If this had happened in Texas , I get the feeling I 'd be writing about a naked man shot dead outside a little girl 's window . That 's all I have to say .", "url": "https://myb106.com/florida-man-caught-knocking-on-7-year-olds-window-in-the-nude/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9740140438079834}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9740140438079834}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02874098868645203, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhElSUx", "stitle": "Lebanon man gets 17 years for child sex abuse", "seg_title_stem": "Lebanon man get 17 year for child sex abuse", "seg_content": "LEBANON , Ore. -- A Lebanon man was sentenced to 17 years in prison this month after he was convicted on two counts of sex abuse by Linn County Circuit Judge Michael Wynhausen . Steven Maddox , 49 , was arrested in November 2019 after an investigation and report that Maddox had inappropriate contact with a boy who was between the ages of 10 and 18 when the crimes occurred . Maddox pleaded no contest on Aug. 7 to two counts of sodomy in the first degree . Three other charges were dropped in the plea agreement . According to court documents , the crimes were committed between 2008 and 2014 . Maddox was sentenced to 17 years in prison . He is currently in the Coffee Creek Correctional Facility with a release date scheduled for April 2037 .", "url": "https://www.kezi.com/content/news/Lebanon-man-gets-17-years-for-child-sex-abuse-572160291.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.066056754553433, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhEvbZA", "stitle": "New database could help lead to personalized treatments for breast cancer patients", "seg_title_stem": "new database could help lead to personalized treatment for breast cancer patient", "seg_content": "All current breast cancer drugs were first tested in cell lines . Each cell line began as cancer in a patient . As such , each cell line is a surrogate for that patient 's disease . A new database of 40 breast cancer cell lines , developed by Medical University of South Carolina investigators , will help researchers deepen their understanding of these cell lines and speed the development of new gene-targeted therapies . `` Cell lines are the front line for breast cancer research because they are derived from real patients and exhibit the characteristics of the disease that that patient experienced , '' remarked Stephen P. Ethier , Ph.D. , a professor in the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at MUSC and an MUSC Hollings Cancer Center researcher . Cell lines represent cancer for what it is , said Ethier -- a multifaceted disease of the genome . The broad picture of cancer as a complex disease , however , is often bypassed in research to laser-focus on only one or two gene changes . Ethier believes this -- the current way of doing research -- is too narrow and that developing better therapies will require evaluation of the entire genomic signature . In an article recently published in npj Breast Cancer , Ethier and his team describe the implementation of a new resource for cancer researchers . The SUM Breast Cancer Cell Line Knowledge Base , or SLKBase , will push the field forward by providing easily navigable genomic , proteomic and other `` omic '' information on a total of 40 SUM and other patient-derived cell lines . The database could eventually contribute to the identification , development and implementation of truly personalized gene-targeted therapies for patients with breast cancer . Dr. Stephen Ethier and his team hope their database will eventually expand to include cancer cell lines from all types of cancer . Humans have approximately 24,000 genes , collectively called the genome . Written in the language of DNA , the genes act as instructions for how cells are to grow , live and replicate . Errors in the DNA instructions within a cell can ultimately change how the cell grows , replicates and responds to natural signals that normally act as a brake to these functions . These changes cause the cell to become cancerous . Personalized or targeted therapies , based on unique gene changes in each patient 's cancer , have been a long-term goal in oncology research and medicine , and significant progress has been made . However , implementing truly personalized therapeutic strategies has been slow . One obstacle has been difficulty identifying and targeting the gene changes that have a function in causing disease . Several hundred genes might have developed errors in a cancer cell , according to Ethier . `` Most of the genes that are changed , however , are playing no role whatsoever in the biology of the disease , '' he explained . How can researchers identify which of those gene mutations matter and are worth targeting ? With funding from a South Carolina Clinical & Translational Research Institute pilot grant , Ethier and his team built specialized tools for SLKBase to aid in answering this very question . `` So the way to get from 500 gene changes to two or three that are playing an essential role in the biology of the disease is to do what are called genome-scale knock-out or knock-down experiments , '' Ethier explained . In the knock-down experiments , Ethier and his team performed a series of tests in which every gene in the genome was turned off one by one and evaluated for its effects on the growth or survival of the cancer cell . If the cancer cell died or stopped duplicating itself , that gene was deemed to be essential for survival . If that gene also had an error , it meant the gene was not only essential but also performed a function that made the cell behave like cancer . Each cancer cell line has a unique `` functional gene signature , '' explained Ethier . Therapies that target these functional genes that drive cancer growth are likely to be most effective . From a library of more than 800 targeted experimental medications , the `` Druggable Signature Tool '' identifies those that are likely to be effective against the cancer cells because they target the essential genes . The SLKBase website is open to anyone who wants to know more about breast cancer cell lines or access the immense genomic and proteomic research knowledge base . However , breast cancer is just the beginning . There are more than 500 cancer cell lines derived from patients with virtually every type of cancer , and Ethier hopes eventually to include them all in SLKBase . For Ethier , the gene changes driving cancer matter more than the tissue in which they occur . Cancers are a disease of the genome , no matter in which part of the body they occur . Therefore , any cancer would be expected to respond to therapy targeted to its genomic signature . `` At some point , we have to stop worrying about whether it 's breast cancer , lung cancer or colon cancer , '' said Ethier . `` We should be putting more emphasis on the genomic features of that cancer because cancer is a disease of the genome . '' Ethier recently signed an option agreement with the MUSC Foundation for Research Development that will enable his startup , Sextant Oncology LLC , to continue to promote the use of cancer cell lines and their functional derivatives . The mission of Sextant Oncology is to develop strategies for the reverse engineering of individual cell lines that will ultimately be useful for making targeted drug treatment predictions for patients . Explore further More information : Stephen P. Ethier et al , Development and implementation of the SUM breast cancer cell line functional genomics knowledge base , npj Breast Cancer -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . DOI : 10.1038 / s41523-020-0173-z", "url": "https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-08-database-personalized-treatments-breast-cancer.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011557544161031389, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhF5HQO", "stitle": "Legal Weed Sales In Portland To Be Delayed", "seg_title_stem": "legal Weed sale in Portland to be delay", "seg_content": "So it looks like in October when recreational marijuana sales are legal in the State of Maine , the city of Portland will be left out at least for a little while . According to WMTW Channel 8 , a federal judge ruled that the scoring system that would be used in the state to favor Maine-based marijuana operations is unfairly and unconstitutionally biased against out of state companies . The counter-argument was Maine legalized marijuana in hopes of having its own generated revenue by supplying local retailers with products from local growers and keeping the money in state . However , that is no longer the case ; there is no tentative date for when retail marijuana sales in Portland will happen for sure . We just know that it 's coming . Recreational marijuana became legal in Maine because they wanted a piece of an industry that should grow too $ 166 billion by 2023 . With the delays , it would appear that they will fall short on the state 's projected revenue , however , had the legislation not passed . It would be revenue we would not have in the first place . The question is now how much more revenue will the state of Maine lose if they 're not allowed to favor in-state providers ? The lawsuit which brought the case to a federal judge in the first place was put into motion by Delaware-based Wellness Connection , according to WMTW . What are your thoughts should the state of Maine be able to favorites own providers ? Or you just want weed you do n't care where it comes from ?", "url": "https://wjbq.com/legal-weed-sales-in-portland-to-be-delayed/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.8614420294761658}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 0.8614420294761658}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8967906186279608, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhFIOBD", "stitle": "Scott Disick Get Flirty With Ex Kourtney Kardashian 's Bikini Pic", "seg_title_stem": "Scott Disick get Flirty with ex kourtney Kardashian 's Bikini Pic", "seg_content": "Scott Disick and Kourtney Kardashian are just one of the many celebrity exes who prove that friendship can work even after a long-term relationship and rough breakup . Even after separating for years now , the 41-year-old `` Keeping Up With The Kardashians '' star and the 37-year-old entrepreneur has remained friends and maintained an excellent co-parenting relationship for their three kids namely , Mason , 10 , Penelope , 8 , and Reign , 5 . While the exes have now their separate love and have a purely platonic relationship , it looks like Scott could not help but gush over his stunning wife 's recent thirst trap post . In an Instagram entry on Tuesday , Kourtney shared a sultry swimsuit image taken from their recent family glamping trip to Idaho . The `` Poosh '' founder looks stunning in a metallic one-piece swimsuit while lounging on what appears to be a yacht with a wooden interior . `` Lake ya , '' Kourtney wrote on the caption . Kourtney Kardashian looks so ethereal that her former partner for nine years could not help but slip some flirty comments for the mom of his kids . `` What a lake er , '' Scott wrote in the comment section . It turns out that Scott and Kourtney were together on the said lake stroll while on holiday at Coeur d'Alene with their children . The family was also joined by their industry pal , E! News host Jason Kennedy . Aside from Scott , other followers and friends were also in awe of Kourtney 's figure and received nothing but praises . `` Good bawdy gya , '' Winnie Harlow commented , adding a triple fire emoji , `` I remember this one - almost started a -LRB- fire emoji -RRB- , '' Jason Kennedy added . View this post on Instagram lake ya A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian -LRB- @kourtneykardash -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 9:29 am PDT Scott 's coy response came after the rumors that he rekindled his romance with model Sofia Richie . The exes relationship could be traced back in 2005 and had a first public split up in 2015 due to Scott 's alleged alcohol issue . They eventually get back together after the birth of their first son , Mason , but eventually split again after five years . Despite the cheating allegations on Scott 's part , the duo maintained an excellent co-parenting relationship . They also went on dating other people , with Kourtney going out with model Younes Bendjima from 2016 to 2018 , while Scott dated the 21-year-old Sofia Richie . Scott and Sofia sparked breakup rumors after the `` Talentless '' CEO once again submit himself in rehab . But they reportedly rekindled their romance last Fourth of July . However , a source recently revealed that Scott and Sofia 's relationship had taken a slow phase right now as the father-of-three is making an effort to focus on himself and his family . `` The relationship has taken a bit of a backseat , and it 's not either of their main priorities right now , '' the insider told Us Weekly . But Scott-Kourtney shippers should calm down as this does n't mean the parents are on their way back to each others ' arms . `` Scott and Kourtney are really close , but there 's nothing there besides them being co-parents and best friends , '' a source revealed . `` Scott will always love her , and she 'll always have a place for him , but she 's telling friends she 's actually happy being single right now , '' the source added .", "url": "https://www.enstarz.com/articles/215424/20200819/scott-disick-flirty-ex-kourtney-kardashians-bikini-pic.htm", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01698601238035648, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhFIgsB", "stitle": "CEO of Keystone Shops Welcomes Addition of Medical Marijuana-Related Courses at More Educational Institutions", "seg_title_stem": "CEO of keystone Shops welcome addition of Medical Marijuana-Related Courses at more Educational institution", "seg_content": "The University of the Sciences recently announced three new online certificate programs on medical marijuana , expanding the short-term education options for medical providers , entrepreneurs , and retail associates looking to join the new industry , writes Sophie Burkholder for The Philadelphia Inquirer . Mike Badey , CEO of Keystone Shops with a King of Prussia dispensary , is among the many business leaders who have welcomed the news . They are hoping even more educational institutions will add courses in this rapidly growing field to their curriculum . `` I see every facet of the cannabis industry growing over the next few decades , '' he said . This includes horticultural science , clinical relevance , and the retail environment , among many others . The option for healthcare professionals is especially exciting , added Badey , as he believes that medical research will continue to expand the use of cannabis for a variety of health conditions . And while he thinks these certificates are not necessary to enter the field , they do offer an advantage . `` If you want to get directly into a management level or corporate position , a certification like that is definitely going to help your chances , '' he said . Read more about medical marijuana courses at The Philadelphia Inquirer by clicking here . You Might Also Like Join 32,000 + of your colleagues & Friends Get Montgomery County stories like this Everyday : Free !", "url": "https://montco.today/2020/08/ceo-of-keystone-shops-welcomes-addition-of-medical-marijuana-related-courses-at-more-educational-institutions/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.061564976762057855, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'fuck': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhFOLJm", "stitle": "Op Ed : Who The Fuck Are You To Tell Me My City 's Dead", "seg_title_stem": "op Ed : who the Fuck be you to tell I my City 's Dead", "seg_content": "Editor 's Note : The following op-ed written by KCP Staff reporter Ariama C. Long is a response to an essay that the NY Post printed as an opinion piece by Hedge Fund manager and Manhattan-based entrepreneur James Altucher entitled , New York City is dead forever . While we admit that NYC appears to be heading for a rough patch , we applaud Long for embodying the true spirit and grit of NYC . And for those like Altucher , who choose to abandon ship when things get hard , we wish you smooth sailing and a life preserver made of lead . Dear Altucher , Have you not walked the streets ? Have you not seen the people here ? Born here , bred here , living and breathing here . They are scrappy , scared , hungry , and tired , but more importantly , they 're pissed . If anything the rebel cry of thousands , millions , fighting to live is what should terrify anyone that dare declare us dead . New York is n't just Broadway shows , boutiques , restaurants , and comedy clubs . All of that is just a beautiful by-product of this place . A place that ceaselessly churns out cultures and food and languages and arts and ideas that are so revered because the people who comprise them make it so . They 've learned to thrive in the seedy underbelly that threatens to drag all of us , East New York to Bay Ridge , Queensbridge to Laurelton , Mott Haven to Mount Vernon , from the Battery to the Heights , Staten Island , Black , White , whatever . New York is a dream of subverting circumstances to rise above , and yes , it is also destruction , hopelessness , homelessness , loss , and death . People die here . We 've interred so many it 's incalculable . We have literally built our lives and city on the bones of the forgotten , padded it with trash , and paved the roads to make a way for newer things . These memories , these lives are the things we carry every day . New York has never been kind and it wo n't be in the coming months and years after a plague has ravaged the entire country . Yet I 've seen more ruthless determination to be heard and counted across all walks of life than I 've ever witnessed . Communities have rallied around movements . Mothers and fathers have stepped up and become teachers , hustlers , entrepreneurs , and revolutionaries all while trying to survive for younger generations . There is hate and love swirling around in the atmosphere so thickly that you can taste it , but this is not what dying is . This is shedding . This is rebirth . The only thing that died was convenience and complacency . So if you 're so determined to go with it , so content to let it die , then move the hell out the way for people fighting to live . - Signed a Native", "url": "https://www.kingscountypolitics.com/op-ed-who-the-fuck-are-you-to-tell-me-my-citys-dead/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04011854176148689, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhFPtHZ", "stitle": "Man gets life sentence for sex crimes", "seg_title_stem": "man get life sentence for sex crime", "seg_content": "PARKERSBURG , W.Va -LRB- WTAP -RRB- - A Hocking County man was sentenced to life in prison on Tuesday after pleading guilty to dozens of sex crimes in Athens County Common Pleas Court . Joshua Weaver , 40 , pleaded guilty to to nine counts of rape , 10 counts of gross sexual imposition and 16 counts of pandering sexually oriented matter involving a minor or impaired person , all of which are felonies . He also pleaded guilty to nine misdemeanor counts of sexual conduct with an animal . Should he be released from prison , Prosecuting Attorney Keller Blackburn said Weaver would be required to serve five years of post-release control . In addition , as a Tier III sex offender , he would have to register every 90 days for the rest of his life . Weaver and a co-defendant , Cassie Hanning , 29 , were indicted by an Athens County grand jury in May . Hanning , who faces many of the same charges plus two counts of child endangerment , has a pre-trial hearing scheduled on Aug. 28 in Athens County . This case was investigated by the Athens County Sheriff 's Office , Athens County Children Services and the Athens County Prosecutor 's Office with assistance by the Hocking County Sheriff 's Office .", "url": "https://www.wtap.com/2020/08/19/man-gets-life-sentence-for-sex-crimes/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9040791392326355}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9040791392326355}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3251041336686208, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1, 'scumbag': 1, 'nudist': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhFTt8j", "stitle": "Florida Man Caught Knocking on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_title_stem": "Florida Man Caught knock on 7-Year-Old 's Window in the Nude", "seg_content": "The sheriff in Santa Rosa County , Florida did n't mince words when it came to the case of a 50-year-old man caught on camera stalking a 7-year-old girl while in the nude . WEAR-TV in Pensacola shared video of a press conference at which Sheriff Bob Johnson provided details about the case , calling suspect Eric Straight a scumbag and saying he 'd have been fine with the girl 's father stomping Straight into a mud patch . `` My press conferences , sometimes ... I get a little heated because we 've discussed some really bad things , but today I think we broke a record , '' he said . `` Can you put the scumbag 's picture up there for me ? '' He then proceeded to brief the press on Straight 's case , even screening footage of Straight walking up to the girl 's home and knocking on her window while wearing nothing but his birthday suit . He was filmed doing this on three separate occasions late at night . Unfortunately , her parents have reason to believe it happened several times before , which is why they installed the cameras . `` You know , I ca n't make this up , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` A fifty year old man naked knocking on a seven year old girl 's window . The parents obviously let us know , and we do an investigation , we arrest him . '' Johnson said kudos to the parents for installing cameras to catch Straight in the act . Unfortunately , Straight is out on bond . `` I have a funny feeling that if that was my seven year old daughter , and I do have a daughter , '' Sheriff Johnson said . `` but if she was seven years old and this dude was outsid her window naked , it would n't have ended well for him . I do n't know that he would have been arrested . '' When asked what would have happened had the parents taken action against Straight , Johnson did n't hold back . `` That would have been awesome , '' Johnson said . `` That 's all I would have said about that . That would have been awesome , because this guy , I mean , you ca n't really say hey , he was over there for any other purpose . I mean , he 's naked outside a seven year old 's window knocking on it . '' `` If -LSB- the girl 's father -RSB- would 've come out and stomped him into a mud puddle , we would have been fine with that . I would n't have minded at all . Matter of fact , I kind of wish it would have ended like that . '' So , to recap : This 50-year-old man was walking up to a little girl 's window late at night in the nude and tapping on the glass . What . The . Hell ? He even removed the screen , so while I 'm professionally obligated to say everyone is innocent until proven guilty ... yeah , I think it 's safe to say he was n't up to anything good . According to the girl 's family , Straight , a next door neighbor they 've known for two years , considers himself a nudist , and had been told by the girl 's family before that he was not welcome on their property without clothes on . Straight has been charged with aggravated stalking and trespassing . Sheriff Johnson told reporters Straight is under a temporary restraining order while awaiting trial , and if he even sets foot outside his home while that little girl is outside playing on her lawn , he 's going straight to jail . This story is deeply disturbing , and I do n't want to make light of it in any way . That said , I have to commend Sheriff Johnson for being so blunt and honest . As both a law enforcement officer and a father , I 'm sure he 's absolutely exhausted with seeing children victimized like this , and he spoke from the heart . If this had happened in Texas , I get the feeling I 'd be writing about a naked man shot dead outside a little girl 's window . That 's all I have to say .", "url": "https://1025kiss.com/florida-man-caught-knocking-on-7-year-olds-window-in-the-nude/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9740140438079834}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9740140438079834}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012861112041824755, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhFURaI", "stitle": "Over half ton of marijuana manifested as office furniture seized at Blue Water Bridge", "seg_title_stem": "over half ton of marijuana manifest as office furniture seize at Blue Water Bridge", "seg_content": "Customs and Border Protection officers at the Blue Water Bridge seized more than one half ton of marijuana from an Ontario plated commercial truck , destined for various locations within Michigan Monday . Officers conducted an examination of the truck which had manifested it was carrying office furniture destined for locations in Michigan . During the exam , CBP officers uncovered more than 1,114 pounds of marijuana in vacuum sealed packages concealed in cardboard boxes and loaded on to wooden pallets within the truck . `` Even during a pandemic , traffickers continue to attempt to exploit our borders and will stop at nothing to try and introduce illicit drugs into our communities , '' Port Director Michael Fox , who oversees operations at the Port Huron Area Port of Entry said in a statement . `` Our officers remain steadfast in their commitment to protecting our borders from all types of criminal activity . '' The Detroit Field Office , which covers all ports of entry throughout Michigan has seen a significant increase in narcotics seized since essential travel restrictions were enacted due to the COVID-19 pandemic . Since March , CBP Field Operations has seized over 4,400 pounds of marijuana at ports of entry across the state .", "url": "https://www.freep.com/story/news/2020/08/18/over-half-ton-marijuana-manifested-office-furniture-seized-blue-water-bridge/3393889001/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02385555118767172, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhFUcLP", "stitle": "Wu-Tang 's Raekwon On His New Weed Venture : ` Cannabis For The People , By The People '", "seg_title_stem": "Wu-Tang 's Raekwon on he New Weed Venture : ` cannabis for the people , by the people '", "seg_content": "Wu-Tang Clan 's Raekwon , born Corey Woods , has gotten into the cannabis game . His project is as unprecedented as it is cool - and just . The rapper turned entrepreneur has invested in CitizenGrown , a company that defines itself as `` cannabis for the people , by the people . '' With a unique business model , CitizenGrown 's mission is to provide households -LRB- in U.S. states where cultivation is legal -RRB- with automated cannabis grow boxes that allow people to reap the rewards of this ever-expanding industry . `` We wondered -- what if our technology is the way to spread the wealth in this industry ? Use our Boxes , cultivate top-shelf cannabis , and marry profit with purpose , '' explained Deepa Sood , the company 's young CEO , during a recent , exclusive conversation . `` It 's like a universal income proposal , '' added Raekwon , pointing out this is n't a side hustle or a second job . It 's , simply put , passive income : CitizenGrown paying you for some space in your home , asking virtually no work from you . All About Equality When Raekwon came across CitizenGrown , he instantly fell in love with its noble mission to redistribute the profits from legal cannabis among the communities harmed the most by the War on Drugs . He calls these communities `` the farmers of this movement '' -- both literally and metaphorically . `` CitizenGrown , they are pretty much the superheroes of cannabis , if you ask me , '' the rapper said . `` Everything starts from the ground up . '' The company will provide low-income communities with the necessary tools and expertise to create wealth via cannabis . All of the grow process is controlled remotely by CitizenGrown experts . In addition to putting the boxes into homes , the company provides educational opportunities that have previously been unavailable in these same places . `` This is pretty much a school that allows us to help people , to teach them what cannabis is all about , and make sure that at the end of the day you 're in charge of what you put in you , and you understand what you 're using it for . Any time you come back to the neighborhood and you want to do great things for your community ... Whatever you want to do , however you want to express yourself , we 'll empower you , creatively and financially . That 's what CitizenGrown represents , '' he added . For Rae , this feels like reparations . While other companies in the cannabis industry are `` once again capitalizing on certain things that come from where we come from , '' he voiced , in reference to Black culture , `` CitizenGrown recognizes that cannabis comes from our culture , and wants to do more for the community side , and give opportunities to people '' . In fact , Rae had never seen an organization with such values as CitizenGrown , a company that is all about the social justice mission being foundational . `` You ca n't take something that was n't rightfully yours , offering nothing in return , '' he added , noting how black communities have been suffering in America for centuries , seeing their culture looted by the historically privileged sectors of society . `` Sure , everyone wants to feed off black culture , everyone wants to make sure they can have that look ... But when the chips really fall down , and we need them , and we need the support at a time like now , where are they ? '' -- asked the rapper . `` If the politicians were for the communities , they would be a part of this situation and understand that , at the end of the day , cannabis provides an opportunity for the economy in certain neighborhoods to rise at some level . '' If you really care about a place , you should empower it . About this , Rae is adamant . What we need , he said , are more humane , engaged politicians , as well as cannabis policies and regulations that integrate social equity and justice . Legislators and politicians need to understand what their communities need , what they want . That 's what will ensure their success , he continued . `` It 's one thing to talk about it , and it 's another thing to be about it . People know the difference . '' FUBU , Reloaded In the current political climate , where the Black Lives Matter movement is front and center on the news and public interest , many black culture classics have reemerged . One such thing is FUBU , a popular apparel line geared toward communities of color . The name says it all : `` For Us , By Us . '' This concept sounds very similar to the one posted by CitizeGrown , which is also a minority-owned and led company , focused on helping minorities thrive . When prompted about this parallel , Raekwon recognized it without hesitation . `` We are for the people ; and when you want to be for the people , you got ta know what 's going on in the world ... We all want justice to be recognized and respected , '' said the rapper . Stressing the similarity with CitizenGrown 's mission , he went on to say that Black Lives Matter `` is a movement that really supports people that do n't have it -LSB- justice -RSB- or do n't think that they can have it . `` In this situation where the economy is being tarnished and people are losing jobs , CitizenGrown offers a way out . We tell people we have n't forgotten about them ... To me , it 's more than a movement : It 's a way of life , because we understand how important it is to at least share that love with our communities . '' `` There 's a big brother and sister effect ... Now , you 've got the average person that really did n't think they could do something feeling like they can engage , because there 's a door for them . And that 's what I love , you know ; to give back is the most precious gift . '' In Rae 's view , our cannabis culture was mostly driven by communities of color : our practices , our music , our customs and traditions , and our aspirations . And these are the communities that deserve to reap the benefits of cannabis ' mainstreaming nowadays . `` We love to smoke , we love to dance , we love to listen to music , we love to create , we love to party , and we love to be able to have a future that is worth living for . And cannabis just keeps you on top of that , makes you have those important conversation , '' he concluded . `` It 's like a conversational aphrodisiac . ''", "url": "https://www.forbes.com/sites/javierhasse/2020/08/19/raekwon/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.023252933328325592, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhFuNRK", "stitle": "Pick Up These Power Strips to Protect Your Gear While Charging", "seg_title_stem": "pick up these power strip to protect you Gear while charge", "seg_content": "Products featured are independently selected by our editorial team and we may earn a commission from purchases made from our links ; the retailer may also receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes . All of us spend hundreds , if not thousands , of dollars on electronic devices that we use all day , every day . Phones , laptops , TVs , microwave , just to name a few . So spending a fraction of that cost to protect these things should be a no-brainer . That 's where a good power strip comes in . What Are the Best Power Strips ? Not only will the best power strips provide a convenient and organized place to plug everything in , but the power strip 's built-in surge protection will be your last line of defense against electrical damage . When electrical voltage suddenly swells or spikes , it can be too much for your devices that are plugged directly into the wall to handle , which can result in damage or even fires . A surge protecting power strip steps up and sacrifices itself , suppressing the surge and transferring that power away from your appliances . This is especially crucial during power outages , when your home 's breaker box may not switch off in time . Though they may look similar , not all power strips are alike . Some offer spacing for extra bulky AC plugs , others have USB and ethernet ports along with the standard outlets . Most importantly though , is how much they can handle . A `` joule '' is the standard unit of measurement used in electronics , and different strips can only handle varying joule amounts . It 's extremely important to take into consideration what you 'll be using your power strip for , and if it 's up to the job you need it to do . Smaller devices , like phone chargers or lamps , work well with a low joule count -- about 200 and up . If you 're plugging in your entire battle station with a computer , two monitors , fish tank and a mini-fridge , your best bet is a bigger strip that can handle up to 2100 . No matter your needs , these four picks will effortlessly protect your electronics in every room of your house , giving you a space to plug in your devices and keep them protected . 1 . Bototek Surge Protector The Bototek fears no surges , storms , or even lightning strikes . This is a powerhouse of a power strip and offers not just the protection -LRB- up to 2100 joules -RRB- to know your devices are safeguarded , but also a plug for everything too . With 10 AC outlets and four USB chargers , chances are it 's probably more than enough to handle all your devices , both big and small . The USB charging is compatible with most everything , and is extra fast too , thanks to its Smart Charging feature . If there 's a sudden surge , the Bototek 's double-break safety switch will automatically switch off , protecting not only all your devices , but the strip itself too . Constructed with heat-dissipating copper wire , this absolute unit is flame-retardant and fireproof , up to 1,382 degrees . The extra-long cord is a nice touch , so the unit reaches down to the floor and is n't left dangling -LRB- though it 's wall-mountable too -RRB- and it 's slim enough that it wo n't block other outlets . Also the fact that two of the outlets are spaced farther apart from the other eight , leaving room for larger/boxier plugs , is another reason this strip is superior in every way . 2 . KMC Surge Protector Power Strip KMC 's power strip is a step beyond basic . This six-outlet strip with built-in voltage sensing puts up a protective defense against power spikes and storms that could potentially damage your devices , and the higher joule rating -LRB- 900J -RRB- means you 're able to safely plug in some larger appliances too . The 15-amp circuit breaker lets you know with a separate light when it 's guarding your electronics from things like surges , over-heating , and over-charging , and the main switch is brightly lit to show that it 's flipped on and providing power . A common problem with power strips is , ironically , the power cord . It 's often too short and too bulky , which means all your plugged-in devices are left awkwardly hanging a few feet above the floor . The four-foot long 14 AWG cord here leaves enough slack to reach the ground or tuck behind a piece of furniture to tidy up your space . This set gets you a two-pack of power strips . 3 . Belkin Power Strip Surge Protector This handy two-pack is best for protecting smaller devices like phone chargers or lamps , providing up to 200 joules . Between the pair , there 's a total of 12 outlets , which should be more than enough to cover what you need in a bedroom or compact home space . The slim design also means the strip will fit easily behind a desk or furniture too . The Oversized Metal Oxide Varistors -LRB- MOVs -RRB- are there to absorb any excess electricity , and its damage-resistant construction makes sure that the circuits are protected from things like impact , fire and rust . The Power Filtration feature also makes sure that buzzing and other noises are kept to a minimum when it 's plugged in and receiving power . This strip is very lightweight , with a thick two-foot cord and plenty of outlets for smaller , less power-hungry devices . The on/off button does n't light up either , which is great for using it in a bedroom and not wanting a light running all night . 4 . AmazonBasics Surge Protector Power Strip Amazon 's power strip gets the main job done without any unnecessary extra bells and whistles . This six-outlet surge protector comes in a pack of two , and makes it easy to have all your devices plugged into the same strip , powering everything on and off using a simple switchable flip without having to unplug it from the wall . It 's also designed to conserve energy when not in use . The power switch is embedded low , which prevents any accidental pressings and shutting everything off by mistake . Two eye-holes built-in on the back give you the option of mounting it on the wall too . For smaller devices , this is a solid choice when you 're in need of maximizing outlets . For larger appliances , go for one that can handle a higher joule amount .", "url": "https://www.rollingstone.com/product-recommendations/electronics/best-power-strips-985480/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.990315318107605}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 0.990315318107605}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07286947226531931, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhGOLJn", "stitle": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office Warns Of Sex Offender Phone Scam", "seg_title_stem": "Randall County Sheriff 's Office warn of sex offender phone scam", "seg_content": "This phone scam that is currently going around the Texas Panhandle is hitting local registered sex offenders . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office in a statement said that an individual calling registered sex offenders and claiming to be a sergeant with a local sheriff 's office . The phone scam tells the victims they have warrants and are required to submit a DNA sample . The victim is then told a random amount of money to put on a pre-paid card to avoid being arrested . All of the calls have originated from a number with the local 806 area code . The Randall County Sheriff 's Office says it will never call anyone with outstanding warrants to request money and anyone receiving a call of this nature should not send money in any form to the caller . Report any of these phone scam calls to the Randall County Sheriff 's Office at 806-468-5800 .", "url": "https://thebullamarillo.com/randall-county-sheriffs-office-warns-of-sex-offender-phone-scam/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1737369175396666, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'vaginal': 1, 'anal': 1, 'genital': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhGWBdV", "stitle": "The impact of maternal obesity and breast milk inflammation on developmental programming of infant growth", "seg_title_stem": "the impact of maternal obesity and breast milk inflammation on developmental programming of infant growth", "seg_content": "European Journal of Clinical Nutrition -LRB- 2020 -RRB- Cite this article Abstract Background Little is known about how maternal obesity impacts breast milk -LRB- BM -RRB- composition and how BM composition may impact growth . We sought to determine the role of maternal body mass index -LRB- BMI -RRB- on BM inflammatory and oxidative stress markers and to delineate the role of these BM markers on infant growth . Methods This was a secondary analysis of 40 mother-infant dyads . We first assessed the association between maternal BMI and BM marker -LRB- omega-6 : omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio -LRB- n-6 : n-3 PUFA -RRB- , leptin , interleukin -LRB- IL -RRB- -8 , IL-6 , IL-1β and malondialdehyde -LRB- MDA -RRB- -RRB- concentration at one -LRB- V1 -RRB- and four -LRB- V4 -RRB- months postpartum . We then examined the association between BM markers on infant growth trajectory from birth to seven months . Results Higher maternal BMI was associated with higher BM n-6 : n-3 PUFA -LRB- V1 β = 0.12 , 95 % CI 0.01 , 0.2 ; V4 β = 0.13 , 95 % CI 0.01 , 0.3 -RRB- and leptin -LRB- V1 β = 107 , 95 % CI 29 , 184 ; V4 β = 254 , 95 % CI 105 , 403 -RRB- concentrations . Infants exposed to high BM n-6 : n-3 PUFA had higher BMI z-scores over time -LRB- p = 0.01 -RRB- . Higher BM leptin was associated with lower infant percent fat mass at V4 -LRB- β = − 9 , 95 % CI − 17 , − 0.6 -RRB- . Infants exposed to high BM IL-8 , IL-6 , or IL-1β had higher weight z-scores over time -LRB- IL-8 p < 0.001 ; IL-6 p < 0.001 ; IL-1β p = 0.02 -RRB- . There was no association between BM MDA and maternal BMI or infant growth . Conclusions Higher maternal BMI is associated with higher BM n-6 : n-3 PUFA and leptin concentrations . In addition , higher BM n-6 : n-3 PUFA and inflammatory cytokines were associated with accelerated weight gain in infancy . Access options References 1 . Branum AM , Kirmeyer SE , Gregory EC . Prepregnancy body mass index by maternal characteristics and state : data from the birth certificate , 2014 . Natl Vital Stat Rep. 2016 ; 65:1 -- 11 . 2 . Catalano PM , Farrell K , Thomas A , Huston-Presley L , Mencin P , de Mouzon SH , et al. . Perinatal risk factors for childhood obesity and metabolic dysregulation . Am J Clin Nutr . 2009 ; 90:1303 -- 13 . 3 . Gluckman PD , Hanson MA , Pina LC . The developmental origins of adult disease . Matern Child Nutr . 2005 ; 1:130 -- 41 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 4 . Waterland RA , Travisano M , Tahiliani KG , Rached MT , Mirza S. Methyl donor supplementation prevents transgenerational amplification of obesity . Int J Obes . 2008 ; 32:1373 -- 9 . 5 . Rooney K , Ozanne SE . Maternal over-nutrition and offspring obesity predisposition : targets for preventative e interventions . Int J Obes . 2011 ; 35:883 -- 90 . 6 . Gorski JN , Dunn-Meynell AA , Hartman TG , Levin BE . Postnatal environment overrides genetic and prenatal factors influencing offspring obesity and insulin resistance . Am J Physiol Regul Integr Comp Physiol . 2006 ; 291 : R768 -- 78 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 7 . Sen S , Carpenter AH , Hochstadt J , Huddleston JY , Kustanovich V , Reynolds AA , et al. . Nutrition , weight gain and eating behavior in pregnancy : a review of experimental evidence for long-term effects on the risk of obesity in offspring . Physiol Behav . 2012 ; 107:138 -- 45 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 8 . Whitaker KM , Marino RC , Haapala JL , Foster L , Smith KD , Teague AM , et al. . Associations of maternal weight status before , during , and after pregnancy with inflammatory markers in breast milk . Obesity . 2017 ; 25:2092 -- 9 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 9 . Collado MC , Laitinen K , Salminen S , Isolauri E. Maternal weight and excessive weight gain during pregnancy modify the immunomodulatory potential of breast milk . Pediatr Res . 2012 ; 72:77 -- 85 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 10 . Fields DA , George B , Williams M , Whitaker K , Allison DB , Teague A , et al. . Associations between human breast milk hormones and adipocytokines and infant growth and body composition in the first 6 months of life . Pediatr Obes . 2017 ; 12:78 -- 85 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 11 . Panagos PG , Vishwanathan R , Penfield-Cyr A , Matthan NR , Shivappa N , Wirth MD , et al. . Breastmilk from obese mothers has pro-inflammatory properties and decreased neuroprotective factors . J Perinatol . 2016 ; 36:284 -- 90 . 12 . Nuss H , Altazan A , Zabaleta J , Sothern M , Redman L. Maternal pre-pregnancy weight status modifies the influence of PUFAs and inflammatory biomarkers in breastmilk on infant growth . PLoS ONE . 2019 ; 14 : e0217085 . 13 . Fields DA , Demerath EW . Relationship of insulin , glucose , leptin , IL-6 and TNF-α in human breast milk with infant growth and body composition . Pediatr Obes . 2012 ; 7:304 -- 12 . 14 . Miralles O , Sanchez J , Palou A , Pico C . A physiological role of breast milk leptin in body weight control in developing infants . Obesity . 2006 ; 14:1371 -- 7 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 15 . Schuster S , Hechler C , Gebauer C , Kiess W , Kratzsch J. Leptin in maternal serum and breast milk : association with infants ' body weight gain in a longitudinal study over 6 months of lactation . Pediatr Res . 2011 ; 70:633 -- 7 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 16 . Doneray H , Orbak Z , Yildiz L . The relationship between breast milk leptin and neonatal weight gain . Acta Paediatr . 2009 ; 98:643 -- 7 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 17 . Brunner S , Schmid D , Zang K , Much D , Knoeferl B , Kratzsch J , et al. . Breast milk leptin and adiponectin in relation to infant body composition up to 2 years . Pediatr Obes . 2015 ; 10:67 -- 73 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 18 . Uysal FK , Onal EE , Aral YZ , Adam B , Dilmen U , Ardicolu Y. Breast milk leptin : its relationship to maternal and infant adiposity . Clin Nutr . 2002 ; 21:157 -- 60 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 19 . Weyermann M , Brenner H , Rothenbacher D. Adipokines in human milk and risk of overweight in early childhood : a prospective cohort study . Epidemiology . 2007 ; 18:722 -- 9 . 20 . Ucar B , Kirel B , Bor O , Kiliç FS , Doğruel N , Aydoğdu SD , et al. . Breast milk leptin concentrations in initial and terminal milk samples : relationships to maternal and infant plasma leptin concentrations , adiposity , serum glucose , insulin , lipid and lipoprotein levels . J Pediatr Endocrinol Metab . 2000 ; 13:149 -- 56 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 21 . Druet C , Ong KK . Early childhood predictors of adult body composition . Best Pr Res Clin Endocrinol Metab . 2008 ; 22:489 -- 502 . 22 . Hollis BW , Wagner CL , Howard CR , Ebeling M , Shary JR , Smith PG , et al. . Maternal versus infant vitamin D supplementation during lactation : a randomized controlled trial . Pediatrics . 2015 ; 136:625 -- 34 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 23 . Vidal NP , Pham HT , Manful C , Pumphrey R , Nadeem M , Cheema M , et al. . The use of natural media amendments to produce kale enhanced with functional lipids in controlled environment production system . Sci Rep. 2018 ; 8:14771 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 24 . Fichorova RN , Richardson-Harman N , Alfano M , Belec L , Carbonneil C , Chen S , et al. . Biological and technical variables affecting immunoassay recovery of cytokines from human serum and simulated vaginal fluid : a multicenter study . Anal Chem . 2008 ; 80:4741 -- 51 . 25 . Fichorova RN . et al. . Maternal microbe-specific modulation of inflammatory response in extremely low-gestational-age newborns . MBio . 2011 ; 2 : e00280 -- 00210 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 26 . Yuksel S , Yigit AA , Cinar M , Atmaca N , Onaran Y. Oxidant and antioxidant status of human breast milk during lactation period . Dairy Sci Technol . 2015 ; 95:295 -- 302 . 27 . Vaidya H , Cheema SK . Breastmilk with a high omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid ratio induced cellular events similar to insulin resistance and obesity in 3T3-LI adipocytes . Pediatr Obes . 2018 ; 13:285 -- 91 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 28 . Olsen IE , Groveman SA , Lawson ML , Clark RH , Zemel BS . New intrauterine growth curves based on United States data . Pediatrics . 2010 ; 125 : e214 -- 24 . 29 . WHO Multicentre Growth Reference Study Group . WHO Child Growth Standards based on length/height , weight and age . Acta Paediatr . 2006 ; 450:76 -- 85 . 30 . Sen S , Penfield-Cyr A , Hollis BW , Wagner CL . Maternal obesity , 25-hydroxy vitamin D concentration , and bone density in breastfeeding dyads . J Pediatr . 2017 ; 187:147 -- 52 . 31 . Young BE , Patinkin Z , Palmer C , de la Houssaye B , Barbour LA , Hernandez T , et al. . Human milk insulin is related to maternal plasma insulin and BMI : but other components of human milk do not differ by BMI . Eur J Clin Nutr . 2017 ; 71:1094 -- 100 . 32 . Visser M , Bouter LM , McQuillan GM , Wener MH , Harris TB . Elevated C-reactive protein levels in overweight and obese adults . JAMA . 1999 ; 282:2131 -- 35 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 33 . Hawkes JS , Bryan DL , Gibson RA . Cytokine production by human milk cells and peripheral blood mononuclear cells from the same mothers . J Clin Immunol . 2002 ; 22:338 -- 44 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 34 . Hassiotou F , Hepworth AR , Metzger P , Tat Lai C , Trengove N , Hartmann PE , et al. . Maternal and infant infections stimulate a rapid leukocyte response in breastmilk . Clin Transl Immunol 2013 ; 2 : e3 . 35 . McCrory MA , Fuss PJ , McCallum JE , Yao M , Vinken AG , Hays NP , et al. . Dietary variety within food groups : association with energy intake and body fatness in men and women . Am J Clin Nutr . 1999 ; 69:440 -- 70 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 36 . Simopoulos AP . An increase in the Omega-6 / Omega-3 fatty acid ratio increases the risk for obesity . Nutrients . 2016 ; 8:128 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 37 . Innis SM . Human milk and formula fatty acids . J Pediatr . 1992 ; 120 : S56 -- S61 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 38 . Jensen CL , Maude M , Anderson RE , Heird WC . Effect of docosahexaenoic acid supplementation of lactating women on the fatty acid composition of breast milk lipids and maternal and infant plasma phospholipids . Am J Clin Nutr . 2000 ; 71:292 S -- 299S . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 39 . Tian HM , Wu YX , Lin YQ , Chen XY , Yu M , Lu T , et al. . Dietary patterns affect maternal macronutrient intake levels and the fatty acid profile of breast milk in lactating Chinese mothers . Nutrition . 2018 ; 58:83 -- 8 . 40 . Amri EZ , Ailhaud G , Grimaldi PA. . Fatty acids as signal transducing molecules : Involvement in the differentiation of preadipose to adipose cells . J Lipid Res . 1994 ; 35:930 -- 7 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 41 . Jump DB , Clarke SD , Thelen A , Liimatta M. Coordinate regulation of glycolytic and lipogenic gene expression by polyunsaturated fatty acids . J Lipid Res . 1994 ; 35:1076 -- 84 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 42 . James MJ , Gibson RA , Cleland LG . Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and inflammatory mediator production . Am J Clin Nutr . 2000 ; 71:343 S -- 348S . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 43 . Gaillard D , Negrel R , Lagarde M , Ailhaud G. Requirement and role of arachidonic acid in the differentiation of preadipose cells . Biochem J. 1989 ; 257:389 -- 97 . 44 . Mirnikjoo B , Brown SE , Kim HF , Marangell LB , Sweatt JD , Weeber EJ . Protein kinase inhibition by omega-3 fatty acids . J Biol Chem . 2001 ; 276:10888 -- 96 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 45 . Lonnqvist F , Arner P , Nordfors L , Schalling M. Overexpression of the obese -LRB- ob -RRB- gene in adipose tissue of human obese subjects . Nat Med . 1995 ; 1:950 -- 3 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 46 . Smith-Kirwin SM , O'Connor DM , De Johnston J , Lancey ED , Hassink SG , Funanage VL . Leptin expression in human mammary epithelial cells and breast milk . J Clin Endocrinol Metab . 1998 ; 83:1810 -- 3 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 47 . Wiens D , Park CS , Sotckdale FE . Milk protein expression and ductal morphogenesis in the mammary gland in vitro : hormone-dependent and - independent phases of adipocyte-mammary epithelial cell interaction . J Cell Biol . 1985 ; 100:1415 -- 22 . 48 . Hosick HL , Beck JC . Growth of mouse mammary epithelium in response to serum-free media conditioned by mammary adipose tissue . Cell Biol Int Rep. 1988 ; 12:85 -- 97 . 49 . Eriksson J , Valle T , Lindstrom J , Haffner S , Louheranta A , Uusitupa M , et al. . Leptin concentrations and their relation to body fat distribution and weight loss : a prospective study in individuals with impaired glucose tolerance . DPS-study group . Horm Metab Res . 1999 ; 31:616 -- 9 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 50 . Reseland JE , Anderssen SA , Solvoll K , Anderssen SA , Jacobs DR Jr , Urdal P , et al. . Effect of long-term changes in diet and exercise on plasma leptin concentrations . Am J Clin Nutr . 2001 ; 73:240 -- 5 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 51 . Masuzaki H , Ogawa Y , Isse N , Satoh N , Okazaki T , Shigemoto M , et al. . Human obese gene expression . Adipocyte‐specific expression and regional differences in the adipose tissue . Diabetes . 1995 ; 44:855 -- 8 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 52 . Meister B. Control of food intake via leptin receptors in the hypothalamus . Vitam Horm . 2000 ; 59:265 -- 304 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 53 . Kolaczynski JW , Ohannesian JP , Considine RV , Marco CC , Caro JF . Response of leptin to short‐term and prolonged overfeeding in humans . J Clin Endocrinol Metab . 1996 ; 81:4162 -- 5 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 54 . Cheng L , Yu Y , Zhang Q , Szabo A , Wang H , Huang XF . Arachidonic acid impairs hypothalamic leptin signaling and hepatic energy homeostasis in mice . Mol Cell Endocrinol 2015 ; 412:12 -- 18 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 55 . Furukawa S , Fujita T , Shimabukuro M , Iwaki M , Yamada Y , Nakajima Y , et al. . Increased oxidative stress in obesity and its impact on metabolic syndrome . J Clin Invest . 2004 ; 114:1752 -- 61 . 56 . Gustafson B , Gogg S , Hedjazifar S , Jenndahl L , Hammarstedt A , Smith U. Inflammation and impaired adipogenesis in hypertrophic obesity in man . Am J Physiol Endocrinol Metab . 2009 ; 297 : E999 -- E1003 . CAS PubMed Google Scholar 57 . McArdle MA , Finucane OM , Connaughton RM , McMorrow AM , Roche HM . Mechanisms of obesity-induced inflammation and insulin resistance : insights into the emerging role of nutritional strategies . Front Endocrinol . 2013 ; 4:52 . 58 . Weisberg SP , McCann D , Desai M , Rosenbaum M , Leibel RL , Ferrante AW Jr. . Obesity is associated with macrophage accumulation in adipose tissue . J Clin Invest . 2003 ; 112:1796 . 59 . Huh JY , Park YJ , Ham M , Kim JB . Crosstalk between adipocytes and immune cells in adipose tissue inflammation and metabolic dysregulation in obesity . Mol Cells . 2014 ; 37:365 -- 71 . PubMed PubMed Central Google Scholar 60 . Rigo J. Body composition during the first year of life . Nestle Nutr Workshop Ser Pediatr Program . 2006 ; 58:65 -- 67 . Acknowledgements We would like to thank Dr. Thu Huong Pham and Peter O. Isesele for their expertise in breast milk analyte analysis . Funding National Institutes of Health -LRB- NIH -RRB- 5R01HD043921 , NIH RR01070 , NIH P30 DK040561 , NIH/National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences UL1 TR000062 . Author information Affiliations Department of Newborn Medicine , Boston Children 's Hospital , Boston , MA , USA Samantha Enstad Department of Biochemistry , Memorial University of Newfoundland , St. John 's , NL , Canada Sukhinder Cheema School of Science and the Environment/Boreal Ecosystem Research Initiative , Grenfell Campus , Memorial University of Newfoundland , Corner Brook , NL , Canada Raymond Thomas Laboratory of Genital Tract Biology , Department of Obstetrics , Gynecology and Reproductive Biology , Brigham and Women 's Hospital , Boston , MA , USA Raina N. Fichorova Harvard Medical School , Boston , MA , USA Raina N. Fichorova , Camilia R. Martin & Sarbattama Sen Department of Neonatology , Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center , Boston , MA , USA Camilia R. Martin Mother Infant Research Institute , Tufts Medical Center , Boston , MA , USA Perrie O'Tierney-Ginn Division of Neonatology , Department of Pediatrics , Shawn Jenkins Children 's Hospital , Medical University of South Carolina , Charleston , SC , USA Carol L. Wagner Department of Pediatric Newborn Medicine , Brigham and Women 's Hospital , Boston , MA , USA Sarbattama Sen Authors Samantha Enstad You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Sukhinder Cheema You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Raymond Thomas You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Raina N. Fichorova You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Camilia R. Martin You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Perrie O'Tierney-Ginn You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Carol L. Wagner You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Sarbattama Sen You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar Contributions All authors were involved in the conceptualization of the study and design . SE and SS carried out analysis of data . SC , RT , and RF carried out experiments . CRM , POG , and CLW provided feedback on the analysis and results . All authors were involved in writing the paper and had final approval of the submitted and published versions . Corresponding author Correspondence to Samantha Enstad . About this article Cite this article Enstad , S. , Cheema , S. , Thomas , R. et al. . The impact of maternal obesity and breast milk inflammation on developmental programming of infant growth . Eur J Clin Nutr -LRB- 2020 -RRB- . https://doi.org/10.1038/s41430-020-00720-5 Received22 April 2020 Revised22 June 2020 Accepted04 August 2020 Published19 August 2020 DOIhttps : / / doi.org/10.1038/s41430-020-00720-5", "url": "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41430-020-00720-5", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010166155105616395, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhGWPkR", "stitle": "Santa Clara County looking at eliminating medical marijuana ID fee", "seg_title_stem": "Santa Clara County look at eliminate medical marijuana ID fee", "seg_content": "Santa Clara County Supervisor Dave Cortese wants to make obtaining medical marijuana products more accessible by waiving the $ 100 renewal fee on ID cards . Cortese said the fee is `` pretty arbitrary '' and was set by the Board of Supervisors based on a recommendation from the administration when the State Senate bill that established the card system , SB No. 420 , was passed . The board on Aug. 11 unanimously approved a referral for a report on the financial impact the decision would have on the county . `` In this case , the problem I 'm trying to address is we 've kind of created a system where it 's as if we 're putting an indirect tax on prescriptions , '' Cortese said . Medical marijuana patients in the South Bay pay as much as 25 % in taxes on prescribed cannabis products under state law . A small portion of the county population actually holds medical marijuana ID cards , which are voluntary . In 2020 , it was about 50 -LRB- although no appointments were taken in April , May or June due to the coronavirus pandemic -RRB- and in 2019 there were about 185 , according to the county Department of Public Health . `` The county never really did much outreach in terms of letting people know that 's an option , '' Cortese said . `` It 's a disappointingly low number in the first place , which actually makes this a no-brainer for me . The county is not going to take a significant -LRB- financial -RRB- hit on this . '' Having a medical marijuana identification card waives the 10 % sales tax on cannabis products and allows holders to purchase higher potency products and more product than the one-once limit that recreational users are subject to . Medical marijuana prescriptions can only be filled at dispensaries where purchases are also subject to a 15 % excise tax and sometimes a city business tax . Obtaining the card costs $ 100 , not including the $ 40 it costs to obtain a cannabis prescription from an approved physician . With this structure , patients have to buy roughly $ 1,400 worth of cannabis to `` break even '' between the cost of the card and saving on sales tax . `` We should n't be paying taxes on prescriptions , '' said Crystal Campisi , a medical marijuana user who has been lobbying the Board of Supervisors to reduce taxes on medical marijuana for the past five years . `` These are medicines and we 're paying more -LRB- in taxes -RRB- than alcohol , tobacco and gasoline . '' Campisi said the danger of overtaxing medical marijuana products is in driving patients to the black market , where the products are not regulated and may not be quality tested . The more people that purchase on the black market , the less money the county gets from cannabis taxes . `` We do n't want to do that , '' Campisi said of buying from the black market . `` Those products are n't tested ; they 're not safe . '' Patients also are permitted to grow their own cannabis plants within limits under state law . Campisi said although many people may have turned to home-growing to escape the taxes , it 's not ideal because home-grown cannabis has to be smoked , which leads to other health problems . In Santa Clara County , the price of the medical marijuana ID card also is a senior issue . Sean Kali-rai , a cannabis lobbyist , said he 's heard anecdotally from dispensary owners that the demographic of the cannabis market has gotten older since Proposition 64 passed in 2016 , legalizing recreation cannabis use for adults . Kali-rai said older adults often turn to cannabis as a sleep aid , and topical creams and balms also are popular for anti-inflammation and pain relief . `` Because he 's aware of senior issues , it just completely makes sense , '' Kali-rai said of Cortese . `` People who are using this for medical purposes should n't have costs on top of costs . '' Cortese said the measure is aimed at making medical marijuana more affordable for low-income and fixed-income adults , adding there is overlap between older adults and people on fixed incomes . `` The cost -LRB- of the ID card -RRB- is burdensome for low-income or fixed-income individuals who may be on some kind of permanent disability or some other kind of situation , '' Cortese said . Contact Stella Lorence at -LSB- email protected -RSB- or follow on Twitter @slorence3 .", "url": "https://sanjosespotlight.com/santa-clara-county-looking-at-eliminating-medical-marijuana-id-fee/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9858813881874084}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9858813881874084}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.050120478422061396, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhGkDXX", "stitle": "New Cannabis Brand Wyllow Debuts In California , Powered By Voyage", "seg_title_stem": "New Cannabis Brand Wyllow debut in California , Powered by voyage", "seg_content": "As of yesterday , California is richer for the launch of yet another cannabis brand . Wyllow , a woman-owned and operated company , announced its official debut Tuesday . The Los-Angeles-based company said its product line comes from California-grown cannabis flower . `` A willow tree symbolizes growth and taking a step in the right direction , which is exactly what Wyllow intends to bring to this industry through the inclusive essence of womanhood , '' says Camille Roistacher , CEO of Wyllow . Roistacher partnered with her husband , Josh Roistacher , to open their first dispensary , only to launch Voyage Distribution in 2018 . It is a vertically integrated , fully licensed cannabis company providing storage and sales for wholesale and retail products within the state . Voyage allows its clients to purchase bulk flower from more than 250 farms and is also a brand incubator . The company noted , Voyage was pivotal for making Roistacher 's Wyllow vision true . In addition , Wyllow is also engaged in equity-oriented actions supporting Black , Latinx , and Indigenous communities , through The Floret Coalition . Courtesy photo", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17155531/new-cannabis-brand-wyllow-debuts-in-california-powered-by-voyage", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1654030696319017, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhGwjan", "stitle": "Three brothers charged with child sex abuse offences", "seg_title_stem": "three brother charge with child sex abuse offence", "seg_content": "Three brothers have been charged with carrying out a number sexual assaults on children . The alleged offences include rape , indecent assault and gross indecency and took place in Leeds and Barrow-in-Furness between 1996 and 2010 , West Yorkshire Police said . The men , from Yorkshire , were arrested after a joint investigation between the Cumbria and West Yorkshire forces . They will appear at Preston Magistrates ' Court on 11 September . Shaha Amran Miah , 44 , of no fixed abode , Leeds , is charged with six counts of indecent assault and six counts of gross indecency with a child in the Leeds area and rape , sexual assault , kidnap and two counts of witness intimidation in Barrow . Shaha Alman Miah , 43 , of no fixed abode , Leeds is charged with two counts of sexual activity with a child aged under 16 in the Barrow area . Shah Joman Miah , 34 , of Warmsworth Road , Doncaster , is charged with five counts of rape of a child under the age of 13 , two counts of indecent assault , four counts of gross indecency with a child under the age of 14 , two counts of sexual activity with a child under the age of 16 , two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and five counts of sexual assault of a child under the age of 13 all in the Leeds area . Police said these charges resulted from an investigation into allegations linked to a former mosque that was based in Rowland Terrace in Beeston in the city between 1996 and 2008 . In addition , he is charged with five counts of sexual activity with a child under the age of 16 , two counts of false imprisonment and one count of sexual assault in Barrow . Follow BBC Yorkshire on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram . Send your story ideas to yorkslincs.news@bbc.co.uk or send video here .", "url": "https://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-53836692", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.021824675541742673, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sensuous': 1, 'genitals': 1}, 'nostrict': {'flashing': 1, 'macho': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhH9DJm", "stitle": "Judit Reigl obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Judit Reigl obituary", "seg_content": "In her interview for Art Press International 's special Women 's Day issue , March 1977 , the artist Judit Reigl , who has died aged 97 , recalled her dangerous escape from Hungary to Paris in 1950 : her ninth attempt . She walked over a minefield at night , with the aid of a ladder placed on the ground , hoping to reach the express train from Budapest ; the small yellow-orange squares of light , flashing in the blackness , signalled future safety . They would also appear as flashes within the broad black swathes of her future paintings . Once in Paris , living within a community of Hungarian artists and introduced to the surrealist André Breton , who prefaced her first exhibition at the A l'Étoile Scellée gallery in 1954 , Reigl soon transitioned from surrealist monstrous imagery and automatic writing techniques to a more individual form of gestural painting . She worked on monochrome grounds , in her case often brightly coloured , but marked with palette-knife and blade scrapings , her curves and diagonals later centred with vortexes and eyes . Intimations of trauma -- eyes as wounds , traces as scars -- intensified in parallel with the Hungarian uprising in Budapest in 1956 : abstract marks now suggested scuds of tank tracks , shells bursting . Paris also meant a reunion with Betty Anderson , an English student of Henry Moore whom she had first met in the 1940s in Italy and who would become her lifelong companion . In 1963 , the couple moved outside Paris to the commune of Marcoussis , dear to Corot and to Cézanne . As the size of Reigl 's canvases increased , so did the involvement of her whole body in action as she painted . Her gallerist Janos Gat recalled : `` Reigl would reach for any tool at hand -- a twisted length of curtain rod , the faceted stopper from a Chanel No 5 flacon . '' Reigl was a contemporary of abstract gestural painters such as Georges Mathieu , yet there was a residual figuration in her work , such as her Men series -LRB- from 1962 -RRB- , which reversed the centuries-old trope of the canvas as substitute for the female body . Her work was also far more sensuous and sexual than that of male contemporaries from the Supports/Surfaces movement , such as Claude Viallat or Daniel Dezeuze . Nevertheless , it was that group 's critic , Marcelin Pleynet , who became Reigl 's friend , advocate and the adviser to the Galerie Rencontres on the Right Bank , which Anderson opened in 1972 . It soon became the new avant-garde space , with a hotline to the US and its conceptual artists as well as painters . Reigl 's Men series was shown at the outset : headless masculine figures emerging from slabs of paint with floating black rib-shadows , torsos , thighs , a knot of genitals . Drastically foreshortened , the viewpoint was that of the artist looking down `` his '' body to the ground . In the Drapery -- Decodings series -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , huge male torsos and thighs , repeated across a single stretch of sheeting , were draped around the gallery walls and later `` decomposed '' into individual body imprints . The following year Reigl showed Déroulements -LRB- Unrollings -RRB- , abstract canvases marked with delicate touches , like musical scores or illegible writing . `` I capture and I emit touches ... horizontally , as I advance and advance in waves , '' Reigl said . She was the contemporary of the Parisian feminists such as Hélène Cixous or Luce Irigaray who insisted on their own voice and style . Reigl 's own gender ambiguity and the way it played out in her work was crucial . Pleynet wrote : `` I think it is extremely difficult to distinguish the parts of woman in man or man in woman . And for me , it is certainly not astonishing at all that it is a woman who has brought into debate , through painting , this refoulé , or repressed dimension of our culture . '' He noted the eroticisation of language and surfaces , the excremental dimension of her scraped and recycled Guano series -LRB- recalling also birds and flight -RRB- and her muscular yet aerial male images . Reigl had effectively `` queered '' the gestural painting developed in Paris as a response to the macho , performative style of Jackson Pollock . Reigl alternated work in Marcoussis with summers in Languedoc-Roussillon . Each year or two a series with a new title would emerge : Unfolding ; Art of the Fugue -LRB- 1980 -- 82 -RRB- ; Volutes , Twists , Columns , Metal -LRB- 1982 -- 83 -RRB- ; Hydrogen , Photon , Neutrinos -LRB- 1984 -- 85 -RRB- ; Entrance-Exit -LRB- 1986-88 -RRB- ; Body in Plural -LRB- 1990-92 -RRB- ; -LRB- Out 1993-99 -RRB- ; Priceless Body -LRB- 1999-2001 -RRB- . For almost six years she worked on the series New York , 11 September , 2001 , containing images of full-scale male falling bodies . A major retrospective in Nantes in 2010 anticipated her homecoming show in Budapest in 2014 , to which she was sadly unable to travel . Born in Kapuvár , Hungary , Judit was the daughter of the well-to-do Antal Reigl and Julianna -LRB- nee Kollar -RRB- . Her father died when she was three and she moved with her mother to Budapest and a family of `` cousin brothers '' . In 1931 her mother remarried and they moved to Szeged , on Hungary 's southern border , where Reigl had progressive art lessons at an experimental school . Back in Budapest from 1933 , she attended an elite Catholic high school , the Sophianum , then the Hungarian Academy of Fine Art from 1941 . War , evacuation and the immediate postwar period in Budapest were traumatic but filled with discoveries . In 1947 she procured an Italian visa to attend the Hungarian Academy in Rome , and hitchhiked to the major towns and through the countryside . The first postwar Venice Biennale in 1948 was a revelation , as was meeting Anderson . I met Reigl in 2010 , recently bereaved , aged 87 and living alone . That year she was filmed painting for the first time : crouched , intent , animal-like , she is shown seizing a sponge soaked in a bowl of black ink , oblivious to the camera . A broad white band of paper , unrolled on the studio floor , fills the field of vision . Her hand with the sponge scumbles and rotates across the paper . Not since 1965 had Judit worked on rolls of paper . Moments of physical and mental exhaustion contrast with intense productivity : she sits with her head in her hands . Nine minutes end with her radiant smile . Reigl 's first exhibition in the US was at the Janos Gat Gallery , New York , in 2007 . In 2011 , a five-decade survey at New York 's Ubu Gallery coincided with an installation created for the Rooster Gallery . This year she has featured in the Guggenheim 's Artistic License : Six Takes on the Guggenheim Collection , and Epic Abstraction : Pollock to Herrara at the Metropolitan Museum , New York . Two of her paintings , Guano 1958-1962 and Mass Writing 1961 , were acquired by Tate as gifts in 2006 . • Judit Reigl , artist , born 1 May 1923 ; died 6 August 2020", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2020/aug/19/judit-reigl-obituary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.6316685080528259}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_VisualArts": 0.6316685080528259}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.41488579527863423, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhHC0ii", "stitle": "Sex Offender Arrested in Mugging and Choking Attacks on 2 Elderly Queens Women : Cops", "seg_title_stem": "sex offender arrest in mugging and choke attack on 2 Elderly Queens Women : cop", "seg_content": "A registered sex offender who spent eight years behind bars for rape and sodomy has been arrested for mugging and choking two elderly Queens women , officials said Tuesday . Richard Smalls , 58 , has been charged with attacking a 72-year-old woman , authorities said . The victim was getting her mail in the lobby of her building near 64th Ave. and 98th St. in Rego Park on July 28 , police said . According to police , Smalls demanded the women 's valuables and ran off after taking cash and about $ 500 worth of jewelry from her . She was taken to Long Island Jewish Hospital with bruises . On Aug. 9 , Smalls allegedly struck again , this time choking 79-year-old Maria Salazar in the lobby of her Rego Park building , according to cops . Salazar had just returned to her building after picking up some milk when her assailant approached her . Salazar 's daughter , Valentina Henao , told the New York Daily News her mother said she knew something was n't right . `` She looked at him . She knew he was suspicious , '' said Henao , 47 , who appeared visibly shaken during the interview as she recounted her mother 's ordeal . `` When the elevator came , she opened the door and went inside the elevator . When the elevator closed so , she thought she would just come upstairs - but he opened the elevator , went inside and grabbed her from the neck , and pushed her . '' Henao said the attacker choked her mother for about eight seconds , bruising her neck before running off with the lobby packages . She said some packages were left behind that might help aid authorities with fingerprints of her mother 's attacker . Saying her biggest fear is that the suspect would come back , Henao said she told her mother to not go out after 5 p.m. . According to police , Smalls , who lives in a homeless shelter in Sunset Park , Brooklyn , had several criminal offenses . He was paroled in 1989 and arrested in 2003 for breaking into a Rego Park woman 's home and forcing her to perform a sex act . Court records indicate that Smalls was convicted of sodomy and burglary was released from jail in March 2014 . His parole ended last year . Smalls is being held without bail in Queens Criminal Court . He is due back in court Friday .", "url": "https://www.insideedition.com/sex-offender-arrested-in-mugging-and-choking-attacks-on-2-elderly-queens-women-cops-61349?cid=trueAnthem&utm_campaign=trueAnthem%3A+Trending+Content&utm_medium=trueAnthem&utm_source=facebook", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11821045365993699, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhHMaQl", "stitle": "Robert Kraft Sex Spa Video Blocked Again , Prosecutors Lose Appeal", "seg_title_stem": "Robert Kraft sex Spa Video Blocked Again , prosecutor lose appeal", "seg_content": "Another huge victory in court for Robert Kraft ... video allegedly showing the Patriots owner receiving sex acts in a massage spa has been ruled INADMISSIBLE once again . The 79-year-old 's dream team of attorneys had successfully argued last year that Feb. 2019 footage of Kraft inside a Jupiter , Fla. day spa violated his rights and should NOT be allowed to be used in the case against him . But , prosecutors appealed the decision to the Florida Fourth District Court of Appeal ... and said at a June hearing that police had every right to roll on Kraft . On Wednesday ... judges sided with the New England owner -- saying in a lengthy opinion that cops screwed up in the way they went about recording video inside of the spa . In the opinion , the judges say Kraft -- and others who received legitimate non-sexual massages -- had a reasonable right to privacy inside the facility . The judges also say officers did n't do enough in their surveillance to protect those innocent people who were inside the spa getting perfectly legal massages . Prosecutors now have the option to appeal yet again to a higher court ... but this is likely the last stop . In other words , seems the footage has been officially blocked for good . It 's a huge deal for RK ... officials have hit him with 2 charges of soliciting prostitution and he was realistically looking at a fine and community service if convicted -- but with no smoking gun video , it 'll be much harder to get a conviction . A spokesperson for Kraft tells TMZ Sports the Pats owner is `` pleased '' with the ruling -- noting that it effectively blocks footage `` that should never have been taken . '' `` In doing so , the appellate panel unanimously agreed with every judge who has examined these issues and ruled that law enforcement acted unconstitutionally when conducting their investigation . '' `` This ruling protects the constitutional rights and civil liberties of all the men and women who were illegally spied on in this case . More broadly , this ruling will further protect the civil liberties of all Americans , by helping prevent future 4th Amendment violations like those that occurred in this case . ''", "url": "https://www.tmz.com/2020/08/19/robert-kraft-sex-spa-video-appeal-denied-new-england-patriots/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2593683306561653, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhHXOdq", "stitle": "Robert Kraft Case : Appeals Court Rules Prosecutors Ca n't Use Hidden Camera Footage of Alleged Sex Acts", "seg_title_stem": "Robert Kraft Case : Appeals Court Rules prosecutor can not use Hidden Camera Footage of Alleged sex act", "seg_content": "An appeals court in Florida just upheld a lower court ruling , benefiting New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft and other defendants in a wide-reaching prostitution case . Prosecutors can not use surveillance footage purportedly showing sex acts at the Orchids of Asia Day Spa in Jupiter and the East Sea Spa in the city of Sebastian , ruled the District Court of Appeal of the State of Florida , Fourth District . The court wrote that law enforcement failed to engage in minimization efforts after installing hidden cameras in the facilities . Accordingly , innocent people were recorded receiving lawful messages . This included two female customers at Orchids , the court wrote . Women were not suspected of soliciting prostitution . Customers at the businesses were overwhelmingly men . For example , in the East Sea Spa case , law enforcement installed hidden cameras , but detectives learned after installation that they could not entirely control the video feeds : They could only record one of the feeds going into the massage rooms , all four at same time , or none at all . What happened was that four female customers were recorded getting messages , the court wrote . From the opinion : The detectives would toggle to the video of the suspect massages and take the women 's massages off-screen . The women 's massages were recorded but not viewed . When only one man was receiving an illegal massage , the detectives turned off the recording of the woman 's massage . If only a woman was in the spa , they would stop recording altogether . The long and short of it is that authorities cast their net too wide in seeking evidence and recorded innocent people . Thus , the only constitutional remedy was to disallow all of the unconstitutionally recorded footage . Again , from the opinion : The trial courts did not err in determining that the minimization requirements were ignored , as opposed to merely being unmet despite efforts to satisfy them . As previously discussed , the agencies failed to take the most basic and reasonable step of minimization by not monitoring or recording the unsuspected female clients . We ascribe no ill motives to the procedural decisions made by the law enforcement agencies involved . But at best , each department was lulled into a zone of complacency where complacency can not exist . -LSB- Image via Maddie Meyer/Getty Images -RSB- Have a tip we should know ? -LSB- email protected -RSB-", "url": "https://lawandcrime.com/crazy/robert-kraft-case-appeals-court-rules-prosecutors-cant-use-hidden-camera-footage-of-alleged-sex-acts/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02469427818755679, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhIBc1B", "stitle": "Ben Cross obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Ben Cross obituary", "seg_content": "The actor Ben Cross , who has died of cancer aged 72 , took the film world by storm in the Oscar-winning Chariots of Fire when he played Harold Abrahams , the British Jewish athlete driven as a runner not just to win gold at the 1924 Paris Olympics , but also to battle antisemitism . A fellow British team member , the devout Scottish Protestant missionary Eric Liddell , played by Ian Charleson , is similarly seen in a quest to combat discrimination . Abrahams wins the 100 metres , while Liddell triumphs in the 400 metres . The two stars shared one of the most memorable opening scenes in film history , among the sprinters on a training run along a Scottish beach , enhanced dramatically with moments in slow motion and Vangelis 's inspirational music . `` The water was freezing , '' recalled Cross , `` and we had bare feet -- completely ridiculous . If you spoke to a sports trainer about running barefoot in ice-cold water , they 'd ask you if you were mad . But , look , it made for a good opening sequence . '' The 1981 film , produced by David Puttnam and directed by Hugh Hudson , won four Academy awards at the following year 's Oscars ceremony . However , despite Colin Welland 's `` warning '' to Hollywood that `` the British are coming '' as he accepted his statuette for best original screenplay , the two stars never quite fulfilled the promise they had shown in such a high-profile film -- even though they jointly received the Variety Club 's most promising artiste award . While Charleson chose to spend much of his time on stage before his premature death from Aids in 1990 , Cross found most of his best roles on television , which utilised his bony features and earnest , sincere air , and said he had no hunger for theatre . `` Of all the jobs I 've been offered , television was the best quality , '' he later said . `` I have n't liked most of the films I 've been offered . Film has the greatest international audience , so you have to be very choosy about what you do . '' He had his first starring role on the small screen in The Citadel -LRB- 1983 -RRB- , the BBC 's 10-part adaptation of AJ Cronin 's semi-autobiographical novel about a doctor who swaps his crusading job in a poor Welsh mining village of the 1920s for a wealthy existence taking care of London society before realising he has sacrificed his ideals . Going from the parochial to the international , Cross headed the cast in The Far Pavilions -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , a lavish mini-series set in 19th-century India during the days of the British Raj . As the dashing romantic hero Ashton Pelham-Martyn -LRB- `` Ash '' -RRB- , he played a British officer in love with a princess and battling to understand his own identity , having been orphaned and previously believing himself to be of Indian birth . To prepare for the role , Cross went to the country four weeks before shooting began in order to absorb the atmosphere -- just as he had spent three months `` training like a madman '' for Chariots of Fire . `` The man discovers he is English , yet his heart and emotions are very much Indian and he 's accepted in neither world , '' reflected Cross at the time . `` These misfit roles seem to seek me out . I always seem to play people not totally at home in the situation we discover them . '' Born in Paddington , London , to Catherine -LRB- nee O'Donovan -RRB- , a cleaner , and Harry , a doorman , Cross was brought up a Catholic and attended Bishop Thomas Grant school in Streatham , south London . Playing the title role in a school production of Toad of Toad Hall brought him laughs -- and an ambition to act that was a long time unrealised after leaving home at 15 , living in a van and working as a window cleaner . He eventually found jobs backstage , as a carpenter for the Welsh National Opera and property master at the Alexandra theatre , Birmingham . Then , during two years at Wimbledon theatre , watching a different show every week , Cross decided to get himself under the stage lights , successfully auditioned for Rada and graduated in 1972 , aged 24 . Apart from a handful of TV roles over the rest of the decade , his only screen appearance was as Trooper Binns -- described by Cross as a `` glorified extra '' -- alongside an all-star cast in the 1977 war film A Bridge Too Far . However , he began to get attention on stage . During a stint with the Royal Shakespeare Company he took the role of Kevin Cartwright in the world premiere of the Peter Nichols national service farce Privates on Parade -LRB- Aldwych theatre , 1977 -RRB- . His singing voice was showcased when he played Wally in the original London production of the Cy Coleman-Michael Stewart musical I Love My Wife -LRB- Prince of Wales theatre , 1977-78 -RRB- and , at the time of auditioning for Chariots of Fire , he was Billy Flynn , Roxie Hart 's lawyer , in Chicago -LRB- Cambridge theatre , 1979-80 -RRB- , observed by the Stage as `` strong and sly as the courtroom superstar '' . His other television roles included Padre Rufino , a Franciscan monk aiding Jewish wartime refugees , in The Assisi Underground -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , the vampire Barnabas Collins in the 1991 mini-series Dark Shadows , Rudolf Hess in Nuremberg : Nazis on Trial -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , Prince Charles in William & Kate -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and the ruthless Ukrainian mob boss Mr Rabbit in the first two series -LRB- 2013-14 -RRB- of the American drama Banshee . The Italian production Honey Sweet Love -LRB- 1994 -RRB- gave him a rare starring film role , as a British army officer falling in love in Sicily during the second world war . He was also seen on the big screen as Prince Malagant in First Knight -LRB- 1995 -RRB- and as Sarek , Spock 's father , in the 2009 film Star Trek . Cross 's first two marriages , to Penelope Butler -LRB- 1977-92 -RRB- and Michele Moerth -LRB- 1996-2005 -RRB- , both ended in divorce . In 2018 he married Deyana Boneva in Bulgaria , where he had been living for more than 10 years . She survives him , along with the two children of his first marriage , Lauren and Theo . • Ben Cross -LRB- Harry Bernard Cross -RRB- , actor , born 16 December 1947 ; died 18 August 2020", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/film/2020/aug/19/ben-cross-obituary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9999963045120239}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Movies": 0.9999963045120239}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01912278522681933, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhID9d3", "stitle": "G.H.O.S.T. has arrested 17 alleged child sex predators since March", "seg_title_stem": "G.H.O.S.T. have arrest 17 allege child sex predator since March", "seg_content": "FLINT , Mich. - The Genesee County Sheriff 's Office held a press conference today on the Genesee Human Oppression Strike Team arrests made since March 12th . During the press conference , the Sheriff named the 17 individuals arrested for various crimes involving alleged child sexual exploitation . One among the individuals was a firefighter in Burton . You can see more info in the video below :", "url": "https://nbc25news.com/news/local/genesee-county-sheriff-has-arrested-17-alleged-child-sex-predators-since-march", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.18911362276714797, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhIOF1D", "stitle": "Pa. man 's marijuana conviction under state law ca n't be used to deem him a federal ` career offender : ' U.S. judge", "seg_title_stem": "Pa. man 's marijuana conviction under state law can not be use to deem he a federal ` career offender : ' U.S. judge", "seg_content": "A central Pennsylvania man awaiting sentencing in a federal drug case ca n't be deemed a career criminal defender because federal and state laws regarding marijuana no longer sufficiently match , a U.S judge ruled Wednesday . For Emerson Miller , who had a 2008 conviction in state court for possession with intent to deliver marijuana , the ruling by Middle District Judge Christopher C. Conner will result in a much lower prison sentence on his guilty pleas to the federal cocaine distribution charges filed against him in 2018 . In a broader sense , Conner 's decision could take the federal career offender designation off the table for other federal criminal defendants who have prior marijuana delivery convictions acquired under Pennsylvania law . Prosecutors in Miller 's cocaine case wanted to count his 2008 marijuana conviction in the calculation to have him declared a career offender and significantly boost his prison time . Conner concluded instead that the difference between federal and state law regarding the criminalization of marijuana puts Miller 's 2008 conviction off limits in the career offender equation . That argument had been made by defense attorney Ann E. Ariano . The key issue , the judge found , is that the definition of marijuana under Pennsylvania law is more broad than under federal law . Conner noted the 2018 federal farm bill removed hemp from the federal definition of marijuana , but Pennsylvania law contains no such exclusion . Put simply , Pennsylvania law criminalizes the possession of hemp under its marijuana statutes but federal law does not . That difference is significant enough to bar Miller 's 2008 conviction under Pennsylvania law from being considered in the federal career offender assessment , Conner found . `` When an element of a state crime sweeps more broadly than an element of the corresponding federal offense , the state crime can not constitute a career offender predicate , '' the judge wrote . `` That is exactly what Pennsylvania 's possession-with-intent-to-deliver marijuana law does . '' That is so even though Pennsylvania legalized some industrial hemp production in 2016 under the state Agriculture Code , Conner concluded . No such exemption existed when Miller was convicted of marijuana delivery eight years earlier , the judge noted , so the 2016 change ca n't be used as an excuse to designate him a career offender . Besides , he added , possession of hemp and nonmedical marijuana are still criminalized under the state law . The consequences of Conner 's decision can be measured in years for Miller 's case . Miller , who also pleaded guilty to a federal charge of possessing a firearm as a felon , could have faced up to 19 1/2 years in prison had he been declared a career offender , the judge noted . Without the career offender designation he would", "url": "https://www.pennlive.com/news/2020/08/pa-mans-marijuana-conviction-under-state-law-cant-be-used-to-deem-him-a-federal-career-offender-us-judge.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.027926827812612045, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhITf1a", "stitle": "In a Flooded Bulk Cannabis Market , Cplant Turns to Consumers", "seg_title_stem": "in a Flooded Bulk Cannabis Market , Cplant turn to consumer", "seg_content": "-LRB- Bloomberg -RRB- -- With wholesale cannabis markets well supplied , Uruguayan producer Cplant is preparing its retail foray . Cplant is looking to raise at least $ 10 million from institutional investors this year to fund an expansion into consumer and medical products , hiring an investment bank for a fourth-quarter funding round . `` Our main objective is to create a brand to offer retail products '' directly to U.S. and European consumers in 2021 , Lucas Crivilone , who co-founded the company with Guido Husni in 2018 , said in a telephone interview . Cplant plans to make consumer products such as cosmetics rich in cannabidiol , or CBD , in Switzerland and Uruguay . It 's in early talks with a pharmaceutical company to produce medical cannabis products rich in THC , the main psychoactive portion of the plant , in Germany , Crivilone said . The retail push comes amid falling wholesale prices for its CBD-rich hemp exports . Uruguay is emerging as a major exporter of cannabis for medical and consumer uses after it was the first country to legalize most uses of the plant in 2013 . Companies such as Fotmer Corporation SA , Cplant and Cannabis Uruguay Ltda have shipped about six metric tons of flowers high in either CBD or THC since late 2019 , government and company data show . Specialty Item `` Biomass is becoming a commodity , while flowers are a specialty item because they demand greater investment due to labor and conditioning requirements , '' Crivilone said . Even so , THC-rich flowers can fetch as much as $ 3,000 a kilo compared to the $ 400 to $ 700 that European importers pay for bulk shipments of high CBD content hemp flowers grown indoors , he said . Hemp biomass sells for just $ 15-30 a kilo after prices tumbled in the last year due to U.S. production , he said . The company , which has shipped three tons of hemp flowers to Swiss buyers since July , plans to export 50 tons of biomass and flowers by the end of August 2021 , he said . Cplant expects to harvest its first THC-rich cannabis early next year . Initially , production will be small at just one or two tons a year , but it 's a market where demand and limited supply should underpin prices , Husni said . `` We think the high-THC medical market will have more growth in the coming years , '' he said . `` The CBD market is already very developed , while THC is just starting to develop . '' -LRB- Adds outlook for high-THC medical cannabis in 9th , 10th paragraphs -RRB- For more articles like this , please visit us at bloomberg.com © 2020 Bloomberg L.P. Video : Customs Seizes Counterfeit Vaping Products -LRB- CBS Pittsburgh -RRB-", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/other/in-a-flooded-bulk-cannabis-market-cplant-turns-to-consumers/ar-BB189QKg", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.21429681042794785, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhITlJw", "stitle": "Robert Kraft Case : Appeals Court Rules Prosecutors Ca n't Use Hidden Camera Footage of Alleged Sex Acts", "seg_title_stem": "Robert Kraft Case : Appeals Court Rules prosecutor can not use Hidden Camera Footage of Alleged sex act", "seg_content": "An appeals court in Florida just upheld a lower court ruling , benefiting New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft and other defendants in a wide-reaching prostitution case . Prosecutors can not use surveillance footage purportedly showing sex acts at the Orchids of Asia Day Spa in Jupiter and the East Sea Spa in the city of Sebastian , ruled the District Court of Appeal of the State of Florida , Fourth District . The court wrote that law enforcement failed to engage in minimization efforts after installing hidden cameras in the facilities . Accordingly , innocent people were recorded receiving lawful messages . This included two female customers at Orchids , the court wrote . Women were not suspected of soliciting prostitution . Customers at the businesses were overwhelmingly men . For example , in the East Sea Spa case , law enforcement installed hidden cameras , but detectives learned after installation that they could not entirely control the video feeds : They could only record one of the feeds going into the massage rooms , all four at same time , or none at all . What happened was that four female customers were recorded getting messages , the court wrote . From the opinion : The detectives would toggle to the video of the suspect massages and take the women 's massages off-screen . The women 's massages were recorded but not viewed . When only one man was receiving an illegal massage , the detectives turned off the recording of the woman 's massage . If only a woman was in the spa , they would stop recording altogether . The long and short of it is that authorities cast their net too wide in seeking evidence and recorded innocent people . Thus , the only constitutional remedy was to disallow all of the unconstitutionally recorded footage . Again , from the opinion : The trial courts did not err in determining that the minimization requirements were ignored , as opposed to merely being unmet despite efforts to satisfy them . As previously discussed , the agencies failed to take the most basic and reasonable step of minimization by not monitoring or recording the unsuspected female clients . We ascribe no ill motives to the procedural decisions made by the law enforcement agencies involved . But at best , each department was lulled into a zone of complacency where complacency can not exist . -LSB- Image via Maddie Meyer/Getty Images -RSB-", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/crime/robert-kraft-case-appeals-court-rules-prosecutors-can-t-use-hidden-camera-footage-of-alleged-sex-acts/ar-BB189FKW", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012253658901010083, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhIXOdr", "stitle": "Mobile Police : Man claims he was shot after refusing sex act with driver in midtown", "seg_title_stem": "Mobile Police : Man claim he be shoot after refuse sex act with driver in midtown", "seg_content": "MOBILE , Ala. -LRB- WPMI -RRB- -- According to MPD on Wednesday , August 19 , 2020 at approximately 1:30 a.m. , police responded to the 90 block of South Sage Avenue in Mobile in reference to a shooting . Upon arrival , officers located the victim who stated that he was walking from the Red Roof Inn just past McDonalds when a vehicle stopped and offered him a ride . He stated that he got into the vehicle and the subject drove to a dark street and then asked him for a sexual favor but he refused . The victim said when he attempted to exit the vehicle , the subject shot him . The subject fled the scene prior to police arrival .", "url": "http://utv44.com/news/local/mobile-police-man-claims-he-was-shot-after-refusing-sex-act-with-drive-in-midtown", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0436710191574477, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhIaTCR", "stitle": "Leeds Unveil New 2020/21 Home Strip for Premier League Return", "seg_title_stem": "Leeds Unveil New 2020/21 Home Strip for Premier League return", "seg_content": "Leeds have unveiled their new home strip for the 2020/21 Premier League season , their first spell in the top flight of English football for 16 years . To usher them into a new era in their history , the Whites have struck a deal with adidas to be their official shirt manufacturer , taking over from Kappa , who saw their deal expire at the conclusion of the previous campaign . Under the guidance of Marcelo Bielsa , Leeds stormed to promotion from the Championship , finishing top of the division to banish their playoff heartache from the previous campaign . Their new home strip will feature the classic all-white design that has become synonymous with the west Yorkshire club , although adidas ' three stripes will feature across the shoulders in royal blue . So too will the new shirt sponsor , as SBOTOP agreed a multi-year partnership with the Elland Road outfit earlier in the year . A short statement from adidas read : `` A new journey begins . Made from moisture-absorbing fabric to keep you cool when Bielsa Ball is in full flow , an embroidered crest and crew neck-collar look solid on show . `` Three stripes line the shoulders in royal blue , whilst AEROREADY technology helps the players reach their peak and the kit is complete with traditional white shorts and socks . '' Elland Road will host Premier League football for the best part of a decade and a half , having not tasted the top flight since finishing 19th at the end of the 2003/04 season . Since then , the club have fallen as far down as League One , but the arrival of Bielsa has breathed new life into a side who finished ten points clear of nearest challengers West Brom last term . Leeds ' new strip will be available online only on https://shop.leedsunited.com/ and at http://adidas.co.uk . For more from Ross Kennerley , follow him on Twitter !", "url": "https://www.90min.com/posts/leeds-new-2020-21-home-kit-shirt-premier-league-buy", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000091791152954}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Soccer": 1.0000091791152954}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Soccer_Other": 1.0000091791152954}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0612135309548214, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhIgFsF", "stitle": "Former corrections officer pleads guilty to criminal sex act against inmates", "seg_title_stem": "former correction officer plead guilty to criminal sex act against inmate", "seg_content": "BUFFALO , N.Y. -LRB- WKBW -RRB- -- A former corrections officer at the Albion Correctional Facility has pleaded guilty to two counts of criminal sexual act in the third degree . In September 2019 29-year-old James Castonguay was arrested and accused of having unlawful sexual relations with two female inmates at the Albion facility . Recent Stories from wkbw.com Skip Ad In February 2020 Castonguay was named in a federal lawsuit that alleged male prison guards in New York 's correctional facilities assaulted and raped female inmates and jail officials covered it up . Castonguay pleaded guilty on August 6 in Orleans County Court via Skype , as part of his plea he is to be sentenced to no more than six months in prison and 10 years of probation as a sex offender . An order of protection was issued for the victims for 10 and a half years . Castonguay will be sentenced October 28 .", "url": "https://www.wkbw.com/news/local-news/former-corrections-officer-pleads-guilty-to-criminal-sex-act-against-inmates", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.026181198313273812, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhInBfE", "stitle": "Ron Gorchov , Beloved Painter of Stripped-Down Canvases , Is Dead at 90", "seg_title_stem": "Ron Gorchov , Beloved Painter of Stripped-Down Canvases , be dead at 90", "seg_content": "Ron Gorchov , an artist whose work often took the form of saddle-shaped canvases with minimalist forms painted onto them , died at 90 on August 18 . His death was announced by New York 's Cheim & Read gallery , which co-represented him alongside Maurani Mercier gallery in Brussels , Modern Art in London , and Thomas Brambilla in Bergamo , Italy . Since 1967 , Gorchov created canvases that are curved in such a way that they arc away from the wall , jutting toward the viewer in a manner that lends them a sculptural quality . Sometimes , the paintings appeared in monumental stacks , running up tall walls . Works of the kind have accrued a cult following in New York , where Gorchov was long based , with curator Robert Storr among his most vocal proponents . In 2005 , on the occasion of a show at Vito Schnabel Gallery , Storr wrote , `` Ron Gorchov could have been a contender -- more times over than any other painter of his generation . If he gets the breaks and goes the distance this time , he will be one of the greatest comeback kids the New York School has ever seen . What are the odds on this happening ? '' Many critics have praised Gorchov for retaining his commitment to abstract painting at a time when the medium was presumed dead . During the 1970s , after Minimalism 's rise , many artists in the city had moved on to different mediums , in the process prioritizing lofty ideas about how art existed in relation to its viewer . But Gorchov , along with a cohort of painters that included Bill Jensen , Lynda Benglis , and Robert Mangold , continued to work in painting anyway , and their work evidenced an engagement with form that was considered bygone . Gorchov crafted his canvases by stapling linen to a frame , then adding a layer of white primer and several layers of pigment . No attempts were made to hide the staples , and Gorchov 's strokes were often loose , leaving multiple colors exposed . In a 1975 review of Gorchov 's show at Fischbach Gallery , Roberta Smith called the technique `` clumsy '' -- which she invoked as an endearing quality . In a 2013 interview with fellow artist Natalie Provosty , Gorchov said , `` I do n't want to be the kind of artist that feels he has to make perfect work . Work does n't need to be perfect . I like the illusion of perfection . '' Critics writing on Gorchov 's art during the 1970s and '80s frequently labeled it `` primitive '' -LRB- a term now considered outmoded -RRB- because of its resemblance to art of ancient peoples . Gorchov , for his part , preferred the word `` elementary '' because of his work 's simplicity . He often chose colors that recalled the rich hues of Henri Matisse , whose art also employed stripped-down forms toward elegant means . Ron Gorchov was born in 1930 in Chicago and took classes at the Art Institute of Chicago throughout his childhood . He ultimately studied at the Roosevelt College and Art Institute in Chicago , then the University of Illinois , and moved to New York with his wife Joy in 1953 . At the time , the New York School had risen to fame , and Abstract Expressionism was in . But Gorchov would pursue something different , drawing inspiration early on from John Graham , a figurative painter . Gorchov 's first show was presented at the vaunted Tibor de Nagy Gallery in 1960 . The critic Dore Ashton gave the show a positive notice , writing in the New York Times , `` Unlike many painters of his generation , Mr. Gorchov handles color with ease , and his canvases combine peacock blues , sea greens , carmine reds and pinks in sumptuous profusion . '' That same year , Gorchov figured in a Whitney Museum exhibition of up-and-coming painters that also included Joan Brown and Alex Katz . He started out showing Surrealism-inspired semi-figurative works and transitioned to full-on abstraction . Gorchov 's art appeared in various notable presentations over the course of his career . He showed his paintings at two editions of the Whitney Biennial and in `` Rooms , '' the now-legendary first show at the P.S. 1 Contemporary Art Center in Queens that was curated by Alanna Heiss in 1976 . MoMA PS1 later surveyed Gorchov 's work in 2006 , and in the recently renovated Museum of Modern Art , a painting by Gorchov hangs in a section organized by the artist Amy Sillman . Throughout his career , Gorchov maintained a faith in painting , even in spite of many critics ' and historians ' attempts to do away with its prominence in the second half of the 20th century . He once told Storr and Phong Bui , `` Even though it was always made for a small audience , I believe that painting will be looked at ; it 's lasted 40,000 years , why not another 40,000 years ? OK , let 's say it 'll only last another 10,000 years , why should it come to a dead stop ? ''", "url": "https://www.artnews.com/art-news/news/ron-gorchov-dead-1202697392/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_VisualArts": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1793308897515638, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhIyQGa", "stitle": "Gowanda man pleads guilty to sex charge involving a child", "seg_title_stem": "Gowanda man plead guilty to sex charge involve a child", "seg_content": "BUFFALO , N.Y. -- A Gowanda man faces a maximum of 25 years behind bars for admitting Wednesday to a sex charge involving a child . Kyle Spruce , 39 , pleaded guilty to one count of Course Sexual Conduct Against a Child . He admitted to engaging in one or more sex acts with the victim between August 2018 and May 2019 . State Supreme Court Judge Paul Wojtaszek ordered a no-contact order on behalf of the victim . Spruce remains held without bail until sentencing set for October 5 .", "url": "https://www.wgrz.com/article/news/crime/gowanda-man-pleads-guilty-to-sex-charge-involving-a-child/71-d40b7c23-79ea-40e7-914b-2fc2ae4c6a5a", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7586076468865518, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJ0CBc", "stitle": "Illegal Sex-Selective Abortions In India Might Result In 6.8 Million Fewer Female Births", "seg_title_stem": "illegal sex-selective abortion in India Might result in 6.8 Million fewer female birth", "seg_content": "In India , sex-selective abortions and prenatal sex discernment tests were banned in 1994 under the Pre-conception and Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques -LRB- Prohibition of Sex Selection -RRB- Act . They continue to remain illegal till date . Also known as female feticide , the practice of aborting a female fetus , continues to be rampant across India despite the government 's repeated efforts to clamp down on prenatal sex discernment tests and the resulting illegal abortions of unborn girls that take place across the country . A son is considered to be an asset to a family in Indian society as he carries the family name and is seen as the household 's future bread-winner . Although an increasing number of Indian households have been investing in their daughters ' education and job prospects in the last few decades , girl children are still seen as a burden . Cases of female feticide have been reported in urban and rural areas not only in India , but also in other South Asian countries . Patriarchal families from various socioeconomic backgrounds tend to look at daughters as their future in-law 's `` property '' for which the girl 's family might have to cough up a hefty dowry right before getting her married off . Taking these social issues into consideration , a group of researchers have predicted that by 2017 and 2030 , an estimated 6.8 million fewer female births will be recorded across India . The study was published on August 19 in the journal PLOS One . Currently , the number of females per 1000 males in India is already low . Since 2000 , it has been fluctuation between 900-930 females per 1000 males , according to a news report . The researchers had modeled and projected the sex ratio at birth in 29 Indian states and union territories . In their projection model , they took into account each state 's desired sex ratio at birth and the population 's fertility rates . Out of 21 Indian states that have sufficient birth data , researchers estimated that 16 states will have an imbalanced sex ratio at birth between 2017 and 2030 . The state with the least female births will be Uttar Pradesh in Northern India , that is also the country 's most densely populated state with over 200 million residents . Uttar Pradesh is predicted to have over 2 million missing female births by 2030 . Within the next five years , the researchers predict that the annual number of missing female births is projected to be 469,000 every year until 2025 . From 2026 to 2030 , that annual number could increase to 519,000 . The authors noted that only way to prevent the increase in the number of missing girl children in the future is to `` strengthen policies that advocate for gender equity and the introduction of support measures to counteract existing gender biases . '' Whether India will succeed in being able to protect the future of unborn girls and put an end to the evil practice of female feticide or not , only time will tell .", "url": "https://www.forbes.com/sites/anuradhavaranasi/2020/08/19/illegal-gender-selective-abortions-in-india-might-result-in-68-million-lesser-female-births/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022381537374712306, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJ1C9P", "stitle": "-LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Possession of Marijuana -LRB- M -RRB-", "seg_title_stem": "-lrb- 3 count -rrb- possession of Marijuana -lrb- m -rrb-", "seg_content": "Dabundo , Eric Robert - -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Possession with Intent to Deliver a Controlled Substance -LRB- F -RRB- and 3 additional charges In April of 2019 , the WCPD started an investigation into the sale of Controlled Substances by Eric Dabundo , 23 year old white male from Chester Springs , PA. . As a result of this investigation , a warrant was issued for Dabundo . Dabundo was taken into custody without incident by the Upper Uwchlan PD ... Source : Charges : -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Possession with Intent to Deliver a Controlled Substance -LRB- F -RRB- , -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Possession of Marijuana -LRB- M -RRB- , -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Possession of Drug Paraphernalia -LRB- M -RRB- , -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Criminal Use of a Communication Facility -LRB- F -RRB- May 6 , 2019 Misseri , Antonyio - -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Delivery of a Controlled Substance -LRB- F -RRB- and 3 additional charges In February of 2019 , the West Chester Police Department conducted an investigation into the sale of Controlled Substances . Antonyio Misseri , B/M/18 YOA of West Chester , PA was taken into custody on May 3 , 2019 as a result of that investigation . Misseri was charged with three counts of Delivery of a. . . Source : Charges : -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Delivery of a Controlled Substance -LRB- F -RRB- , -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Possession of Marijuana -LRB- M -RRB- , -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Possession of Drug Paraphernalia -LRB- M -RRB- , -LRB- 3 counts -RRB- Criminal Use of a Communication Facitlity -LRB- F -RRB-", "url": "https://www.crimewatchpa.com/charges/3-counts-possession-marijuana-m", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999967813491821}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999967813491821}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.33243072125593764, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'masturbating': 1, 'masturbation': 1, 'masturbate': 1}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJ2nZx", "stitle": "Report : Pensacola man masturbated in front of Baptist Hospital employee", "seg_title_stem": "Report : Pensacola man masturbate in front of Baptist Hospital employee", "seg_content": "PENSACOLA , Fla. -- A Pensacola man was arrested at Baptist Hospital for exposing himself and masturbating in front of an employee , according to an arrest report . McArthur Lee , 52 , is charged with indecent exposure . The incident happened on Aug. 2 at Baptist Hospital on West Moreno Street . Police were called for indecent exposure and masturbation . According to the police report , the hospital staffer said that Lee , who was a patient , requested to be moved to an open bay within the facility . `` She observed Lee exit his current closed bay , which is out of her field vision , and began to occupy the open bay positioned directly in front of her work station , '' the report states . The woman said she then saw Lee , who was unclothed , masturbating . He continued to masturbate in front of her . The report states she yelled at him to stop , and he told her he was scratching himself . The woman said he has done this multiple times before in her presence , although she never reported it to law enforcement . According to the report , Lee admitted to previously masturbating in front of hospital staff , but not in this incident . Lee was also charged with a similar incident in 2015 of exposing himself and masturbating in front of a nurse at Escambia County Jail .", "url": "https://weartv.com/news/local/report-pensacola-man-masturbated-in-front-of-baptist-hospital-employee", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.999895453453064}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.999895453453064}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.025356712583675396, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJ3AJX", "stitle": "Black Man Freed After Spending Nearly 10 Years In Prison For Selling Marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "black man Freed after spend nearly 10 year in prison for sell marijuana", "seg_content": "After a Black Louisiana man was sentenced to life in prison for selling less than $ 30 worth of marijuana ten years ago , he has now been freed after spending nearly a decade behind bars . According to an Aug. 18 Tuesday news release from the Promise of Justice Initiative , a New Orleans-based nonprofit , Derek Harris ' life sentence was recently reduced to time served -- nine years on Aug. 6 . PJI reports that Derek Harris ' reduced life sentence comes at a time when inmates are at an increased risk of exposure to the coronavirus cases which has been reported among hundreds of prisoners and staff members . `` This delayed justice was a terrifying ordeal for Derek and his family , '' Mercedes Montagnes , the nonprofit 's executive director , said . `` As COVID-19 rates continue to rise in DOC facilities , every day spent in Angola was a tremendous risk for Derek 's health and safety . '' Harris ' attorney , Cormac Boyle says that his release is just the first effort to move his his life forward . `` Supporting Derek did not end with overturning his egregious life sentence , and it did not end the day he walked out of Angola , '' Boyle said in the statement . `` Righting the harms done to a person through incarceration includes supporting their health , housing , and adjustment to their long-deserved freedom we need all the help we can get . '' Harris , a military veteran , was arrested in 2008 in Abbeville , Louisiana , for selling a police officer .69 grams of marijuana . He was first convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison , the state 's Supreme Court documents report . In 2012 , Harris was re-sentenced to life in prison under the Habitual Offender Law , which gives judges the ability to give enhanced sentences to those who have previous convictions on their record .", "url": "https://www.bet.com/news/national/2020/08/19/black-man-freed-p-louisiana-prison.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000094175338745}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000094175338745}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03220373192912969, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJ5yw5", "stitle": "Armed With Knife , Naked Man Confronts Arlington Police", "seg_title_stem": "Armed with Knife , naked man confront Arlington Police", "seg_content": "ARLINGTON , VA -- Arlington County Police made an arrest Tuesday night after responding to numerous calls to the Emergency Communications Center reporting a naked man shouting in and around a business on Lee Highway , according to the daily crime report . Officers were dispatched around 8:52 p. m. , and located a naked man carrying a knife and walking in the roadway in the 3100 block of Lee Highway . Making contact with the individual , police made lawful commands for him to drop the weapon and get on the ground . While the man did drop the knife , he remained confrontational and refused to comply with the officer 's commands . One of the officers deployed a taser , which had no effect . Following the deployment of a second taser , the officers were able to take the man into custody . The man was transported to a nearby hospital and ACPD issued a summons for drunk in public .", "url": "https://patch.com/virginia/arlington-va/armed-knife-naked-man-confronts-arlington-police", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9996675252914429}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9996675252914429}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.057428255381728924, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJ9bJ8", "stitle": "Real Men Wear Pink With the American Cancer Society ; Local Leaders to Raise Awareness and Funds in the Fight to End Breast Cancer", "seg_title_stem": "real men wear Pink with the American Cancer Society ; local leader to raise awareness and fund in the fight to end breast cancer", "seg_content": "Las Vegas community leaders continue to step forward in support of the fifth annual Real Men Wear Pink campaign ; and they are united to fight breast cancer with the American Cancer Society . To date 20 civic and business leaders have pledged their support as the campaign begins its new season . These community leaders have each pledged to support the campaign for different reasons , but all are dedicated to working together to create a world without breast cancer . Nathan Schweigart , President of NDL Group and our returning 2019 Real Men Wear Pink Las Vegas Rookie of the Year shares , `` Since losing my mother-in-law Marilyn to breast cancer in 2011 , I was able to see firsthand all of the good the American Cancer Society does in our community . I want the survivors fighting for their lives to know that they are not alone . If I can use my voice and awareness for this cause , it is my sincere pleasure to do so . We are better when we all stand together . '' UnitedHealthcare CEO Don Giancursio is setting an early pace having raised over $ 5,000 . He is in close quarters with Mark Morton from Marker Trax - supporting for his wife Michelle , a breast cancer survivor - and , Nathan Schweigart from NDL Group . Scott Nelson -- Red Rock Casino Resort and Spa 's Vice President & General Manager - is also on board ; as are Steve Dimopoulos -- Owner of Dimopoulos Injury Law and a leader among injury law professionals , Glen Simpson - Director of Special Operations at Community Ambulance , and Dan Doherty , Executive Vice-President of the Industrial Division of Colliers International with his team of Doherty Industrial Group Real Men round out the field . Visit the Real Men Wear Pink Website at RealMenWearPinkACS.org / LasVegasNV for a full roster of the local leaders . Each Real Men Wear Pink participant accepts a fundraising challenge and will compete to be the top fundraiser among his peers by the end of the campaign . If you or someone you know is interested in joining this distinguished group of community leaders , contact Christina Cappello at Christina.Cappello@cancer.org or call 702-891-9018 . According to the American Cancer Society Breast Cancer Facts & Figures , an estimated 279,100 women in the United States will be diagnosed with breast cancer in 2020 , and an estimated 42,690 will die from the disease this year . In Nevada , over 2,300 women will be diagnosed this year , and 400 will die from the disease . Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women , and it is the most common cancer diagnosed in women other than skin cancer .", "url": "https://vegasnews.com/194139/real-men-wear-pink-with-the-american-cancer-society-local-leaders-to-raise-awareness-and-funds-in-the-fight-to-end-breast-cancer.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.989471971988678}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.989471971988678}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8975226231238761, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'oral sex': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJEq1V", "stitle": "Mt. Airy man accused of sending sex video of woman to her child", "seg_title_stem": "Mt. Airy man accuse of send sex video of woman to she child", "seg_content": "CINCINNATI -LRB- WKRC -RRB- - A Mt. Airy man answered to several charges in court Wednesday related to the harassment of a woman and her family . Two of the charges stem from a video of Dion Houston and a woman `` engaging in oral sex '' sent to the woman 's teenager . Assistant prosecutor David Wood said the video was sent to the 14-year-old in retaliation . Houston is also accused of assaulting the teen 's mother three different times dating back to November . The woman told the judge he 's flattened her tires , broken windows and been `` extremely violent '' toward her . Wood asked for a high bond citing the possibility of harm and threats to witnesses . He described sending the sex video to the woman 's child as `` repugnant '' . Houston 's attorney said his client denies the allegations . `` Allegations are certainly outrageous and very alarming , '' said the judge as he set Houston 's bond at $ 150,000 on charges of assault , disseminating material harmful to juveniles and criminal damaging .", "url": "https://local12.com/news/local/mt-airy-man-accused-of-sending-sex-video-of-woman-to-her-child-cincinnati", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9997044801712036}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9997044801712036}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04487297066148947, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJKXnu", "stitle": "Ian Braid obituary", "seg_title_stem": "Ian Braid obituary", "seg_content": "My friend and colleague Ian Braid , who has died aged 77 , was a pioneer in the field of solid modelling . His fundamental work on the 3D modelling of mechanical engineering parts in computer memory was a key technology that has changed the way engineering is practised around the world . Ian was born in Melbourne and raised on a farm in rural New South Wales . After initial home schooling , he was educated at Scotch college in Melbourne and Melbourne University , where he graduated in mechanical engineering . Soon afterwards he sailed for the UK to join an English Electric graduate apprentice scheme . He worked on steam turbines for a couple of years but a growing interest in the new-fangled world of computing led him , in 1968 , to the Cambridge University computer laboratory . After completing the diploma in computer science he joined the laboratory 's Computer-Aided Design -LRB- CAD -RRB- Group as a PhD student . His thesis , published under the deceptively simple title Designing With Volumes , described ways of combining simple solid shapes together to build 3D models of mechanical parts . He continued to advance the field of modelling and its application for the next 30 years . He took over leadership of the CAD Group in 1975 , by which time he , together with three colleagues , had set up a company in Cambridge , Shape Data Ltd , to further develop the work of the group commercially . He joined Shape Data full time in 1980 . The company released the world 's first commercial solid modeller , Romulus , based on Ian 's work , in 1978 . In 1986 Ian and two other founders left to start a new company , Three-Space Ltd. . Here they created a new generation modeller , ACIS , sharing the development with a US company , Spatial Technology . ACIS and a competitive modeller from Shape Data , Parasolid , are both still going strong , the former now owned by Dassault Systèmes and the latter by Siemens . When he began this work in 1969 Ian could have had no idea of how wide-ranging its application would be in the future . Nowadays designs created using solid modellers are used for engineering analyses , parts classification , computer-controlled manufacture including robotics , documentation and many other applications . Modellers enable engineering teams to collaborate internationally via the internet as they can all have access to the same design information . Ian was a modest man with a gentle manner and a wry sense of humour . In his retirement he was able to devote more time to his music . He was a fine amateur cellist and enjoyed playing in chamber music groups , learning languages and studying geology . He pursued too his interest in family history , tracing the fortunes of his Braid ancestors who had emigrated from Fife to start a new life in Melbourne in 1854 -- much as he had done in reverse just over a hundred years later . Ian is survived by his wife Judith -LRB- nee Slater -RRB- , whom he married in 1973 , their children , Jo and Alex , five grandchildren , and his brother , Andrew .", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2020/aug/19/ian-braid-obituary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.7737395167350769}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.011499873680925773, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJNPdT", "stitle": "Cuyahoga County Jail officer resigns after marijuana found in her locker", "seg_title_stem": "Cuyahoga County jail officer resign after marijuana find in she locker", "seg_content": "CLEVELAND , Ohio -- A Cuyahoga County Jail officer resigned Tuesday after sheriff 's deputies found marijuana inside her locker in the Justice Center . Markia Rose , who was hired as a corrections officer less than one month ago , admitted to bringing marijuana into the Justice Center , according to Cuyahoga County spokesman Dale Armbruster . Rose resigned Tuesday during an interview with Cuyahoga County Sheriff investigators . A criminal investigation is on-going and formal charges have not been filed . Someone on Monday reported to jail supervisors smelling a strong odor of marijuana coming from the corrections officers lockers , Armbruster said . Associate Warden Kevin O'Donnell went to the area and requested the Cuyahoga County Sheriff investigate . Drug-sniffing dogs alerted deputies to possible drugs in the locker . Deputies found marijuana inside Rose 's purse , Armbruster said . Rose was placed on administrative leave . Deputies interviewed her on Tuesday and she resigned . Two corrections officers in 2019 were arrested in connection with a drug-smuggling operation in which the officers worked in tandem with a Heartless Felons street gang member to smuggle heroin , vape pens and cellphones into the jail for inmates , according to the Ohio Attorney General 's Office . Five other corrections officers participated in the scheme but were not charged , according to court records . The drugs caused one inmates to overdose on heroin . He survived . Sheriff investigators also opened up two recent investigations into smuggling at the jail . A jail supervisor , Cpl. Ebony Haines , was placed on paid leave after the county launched an investigation into accusations that she smuggled `` contraband '' into the jail . That investigation is on-going . Trinity Food Services , the company the county hired to handle food services inside the jail , fired an employee in July after the county confirmed it was investigating allegations that Trinity employees had engaged in contraband smuggling .", "url": "https://www.cleveland.com/metro/2020/08/cuyahoga-county-jail-officer-resigns-after-marijuana-found-in-her-locker.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006057495973588572, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhJo3eT", "stitle": "Carrollton City Council approves bids for demolition , amends medical marijuana facility transportation ordinance", "seg_title_stem": "Carrollton City Council approve bid for demolition , amends medical marijuana facility transportation ordinance", "seg_content": "CARROLLTON -- The Carrollton City Council met at 6 p.m. on Aug. 17 at the Rupe Center . Some new business that was addressed was a demolition hearing where the council heard from Kim Burger , who was requesting the demolition of a vacant property on 16 N. Main St. , which is what used to be the beauty shop , Shear Eclipse . Burger said the building had previously been inspected to make sure it was safe before potential demolition when it was determined that the building should come down before December . The council moved unanimously approved the demolition and put the process out for bids . The council also approved an amendment to an ordinance regarding a municipal code in regard to medical marijuana transportation facilities in its marijuana setback requirements . The next meeting will be at 7 p.m. on Aug. 24 at the Rupe Center . At this time , the council plans to address a tabled discussion on reestablishing the Carrollton airport board .", "url": "https://www.kmzu.com/carrollton-city-council-approves-bids-for-demolition-amends-medical-marijuana-facility-transportation-ordinance/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.22354262943197495, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butts': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butts': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhKBemf", "stitle": "STUDY : Painting Eyes On Cow Butts Helps Scare Predators", "seg_title_stem": "study : painting eye on cow Butts help Scare Predators", "seg_content": "Hers of cattle in Botswana are having issues and are constantly being attacked by lions and other predators . This in turn is causing the farmers to kill lions in an attempt to protect their cows . That was until recently when people got together and came up with a new non-lethal way of dealing with this predator vs. prey problem . They call it the `` Eye-Cow-Project '' and a recent study has shown that painting fake eyes on cows butts helps ward of lions and other predators . Neil Jordan , a biologist from University of South Wales , actually thought of this idea a few years ago while working in Botswana . Jordan witnessed farmers killing lions to protect their cattle , and got to working on a non-violent solution . Lions like to ambush their pray , so Jordan thought if he painted eyes on the back-end of some cows it may prevent them from attacking . In other words , lions do n't want you to see them sneaking up on you , so if they think cow is looking at them , there 's a chance that it would reduce the number of attacks . Does that make any sense ? Anyways , it seems to have worked . If you want to check out the details on the butt-eyed-cows click HERE .", "url": "https://fm1019.radio.com/blogs/james-steele/eyes-on-cows-butt-predators", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.9937001466751099}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_PetsAnimals": 0.9937001466751099}, "third_cat": {"Lifestyle_PetsAnimals_Wildlife": 0.9937001466751099}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08919380934464126, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhKH93b", "stitle": "Eight arrested in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis Motorcycle Rally", "seg_title_stem": "eight arrest in sex trafficking investigation at Sturgis Motorcycle Rally", "seg_content": "RAPID CITY , S.D. -LRB- KOTA -RRB- - Eight people were arrested in sex trafficking investigation at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally . An investigation into sex trafficking at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally has resulted in the arrest of eight men in South Dakota . U.S. Attorney Ron Parsons has announced that two of the men had been arrested on charges of attempting commercial sex trafficking of a minor . Six others were arrested for attempting to entice a minor using the internet . The investigation was conducted by both federal and South Dakota law enforcement officers and operated for the entire duration of the 10-day rally . The annual event drew an estimated 460,000 people to western South Dakota . The suspects arrested include : Robert Lee Goodwill , Jr. , 20 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Cody Wayne Hopkins , 29 , Montgomery , PA - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Michael Ray Hudson , 32 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Travis John McDonald , 28 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet William Nicholas Riley , 60 , Sturgis , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Kevin William Clements , 22 , Claysville , PA - Attempted Commercial Sex Trafficking of a Minor Darren Wilber Harrison , 25 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet Christopher Covey Dale Truax , 33 , Rapid City , SD - Attempted Enticement of a Minor Using the Internet The Associated Press contributed to this report .", "url": "https://www.1011now.com/2020/08/19/eight-arrested-in-sex-trafficking-investigation-at-sturgis-motorcycle-rally/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.900812029838562}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.900812029838562}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012925016593670622, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhKJFCI", "stitle": "Air quality warnings issued for Butte , Shasta and Glenn Counties", "seg_title_stem": "Air quality warning issue for Butte , Shasta and Glenn Counties", "seg_content": "GLENN , SHASTA & BUTTE COUNTIES , Calif. - County health officials in Butte , Shasta , and Glenn Counties have issued warnings about air quality due to smoke from multiple fires in the area , including the August Complex Fires . Regional air quality is forecast to reach potentially unhealthy levels , according to the agencies . Smoke impacts are expected to vary over the next several days depending on wind direction and the intensity of the fire activity . While all people may experience varying degrees of symptoms , the agencies warn that more sensitive populations , such as the young , the elderly , pregnant women , smokers , and those with respiratory conditions are of greatest risk to more aggravated symptoms which may include but are not limited to coughing , watery and itchy eyes , and difficulty breathing . The agencies say that people experiencing questionable or severe symptoms should seek professional medical advice and treatment . The following actions are recommended as needed in areas impacted by smoke during the poor air pollution periods : Limit outdoor exertion , especially children , the elderly , and those with pre-existing respiratory conditions . Keep doors and windows closed as much as possible in buildings and vehicles . When you need to be outside , limit your time in smoky conditions . If you need to wear an N-95 respirator , be sure it is worn correctly . Remember that a dust mask , cloth face covering , or medical mask will not filter out smoke . Try to limit sources of air pollution in your home -LRB- smoking , use of incense or candles , and frying food are some examples of indoor air pollution sources -RRB- . If you have air conditioning , make sure your setting is on `` recirculate '' both in your car and in your home to use inside air rather than drawing in air from the outside . Use high-efficiency air filters -LRB- rated MERV-13 or higher -RRB- for your HVAC system if possible . Portable HEPA filters can also be used -LRB- avoid Ozone-producing air purifiers -RRB- . Glenn County information can be found by calling the Glenn County Air Pollution Control District at -LRB-530-RRB- 934-6500 . Questions for residents in Butte County may be directed to 530-332-9400 . For Shasta County information call -LRB-530-RRB- 225-5674 .", "url": "https://www.actionnewsnow.com/content/news/Air-quality-warnings-issued-by-Butte-Glenn-Counties--572162081.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8888266649822324, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhKJwiB", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Opens Up About Removing Her Breast Implants", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale open up about remove she breast implant", "seg_content": "Despite the fact that stigmas surrounding cosmetic surgery have gradually waned over the years as it becomes more commonplace and widespread , talking about it still remains largely taboo . In what she describes as her `` most personal post -LSB- she 's -RSB- ever shared , '' Ashley Tisdale is opening up about her decision to get her breast implants removed . Tisdale , who 's previously been candid about her struggles with depression and anxiety , detailed the reasons why she initially decided to undergo breast enhancement surgery . `` Prior to the surgery , I constantly felt my body was less than , and thought this change would make me feel more whole and more secure about myself , '' she explains . `` And for a short period of time ... it did . '' She goes on to say that after a while she began to notice minor health complications such as gut issues and food sensitivities that started to crop up . Suspecting that these issues could 've been caused by her implants , Tisdale reveals that she made the decision last winter to undergo explant surgery in order to get them removed . Login • Instagram Tisdale is one of many celebrities like Chrissy Tiegen , Yolanda Hadid and Ayesha Curry who have recently opened up about their decision to get their implants removed . RuPaul 's Drag Race Judge Michelle Visage revealed last year during the finale of Season 11 about getting hers removed , which she attributed to developing Hashimoto 's disease in her late twenties . She took the opportunity to spread the word about Breast Implant Illness . `` This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love , '' Tisdale writes , going on to espouse the importance of living a `` non-toxic life '' and promote her newly launched health and wellness platform , Frenshe . `` I ca n't say I 'm the proudest of the choices I made in the past but I do n't regret it because it got me here today . ''", "url": "https://www.papermag.com/ashley-tisdale-breast-implants-2647027047.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9915280938148499, "Health": 1.000007152557373, "Lifestyle": 0.9832330346107483}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9915280938148499, "Health_Other": 1.000007152557373, "Lifestyle_Fitness": 0.9832330346107483}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6679544383594542, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhKMTCb", "stitle": "Ashley Tisdale Had Her Breast Implants Surgically Removed Due to `` Health Issues ''", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Tisdale have she breast implant surgically remove due to `` Health Issues ''", "seg_content": "There has been an increase in patients seeking removal of their breast implants as of late , as New York City-based plastic surgeon Norman Rowe has previously shared with Allure . One of these patients includes Chrissy Teigen , who posted scars from her surgery on Instagram in late July . Now , Ashley Tisdale has shared with her fans that she has also undergone breast-implant removal surgery . On August 18 , the actor shared a post-surgery photo on Instagram of herself soaking up the sun on the beach with a caption explaining her decision to remove her implants last winter . Tisdale says that after dealing with a few health issues she believed were related to the initial surgery , she felt it was time to part with her implants . '' -LSB- L -RSB- ittle by little I began struggling with minor health issues that just were not adding up -- food sensitivities as well as gut issues -LRB- full story on @frenshe -RRB- that I thought could be caused by my implants . So , last winter I decided to undergo implant removal , '' she writes , mentioning her new wellness brand 's Instagram account . View the Instagram photo . Tisdale shared that her breast augmentation surgery made her feel more confident in the beginning , but as time passed , she felt removal was the right thing to do . Now , she is happier because of it . `` This journey has been one of growth , self discovery , self acceptance and most importantly self-love , '' she continues . Her implant removal is only a part of her journey to live a healthier , more `` non-toxic life , '' as she writes in her post . She says she has spoken with many doctors throughout the years -LRB- some of which practice holistic medicine -RRB- , who have inspired her to create the wellness website , Frenshe , to help others figure out how to live their healthiest lives . Like Tisdale , others have also felt their breast implants may have had a negative impact on their bodies and overall health . While there is not enough evidence to fully support these claims , there is a growing effort to make sure patients are well-informed before choosing to undergo breast augmentation . In October 2019 , the Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- created a proposal for manufacturers to include warnings on the labeling for saline and silicone breast implants to help better educate patients on potential risks with the surgery and medical devices . At times , patients have felt they were n't adequately notified of the potential risks associated with breast implants . As patients have advocated for themselves more , the term breast implant illness -LRB- BII -RRB- has gained more traction . According to breastcancer.org , BII refers to an array of symptoms -- joint and muscle pain , breathing problems , chronic fatigue , and more -- that patients may feel after their breast augmentation surgery . Los Angeles-based board-certified plastic surgeon Andrew Cohen tells Allure that while many who get breast implants report no adverse side effects , those listed above -LRB- and some others , as listed on breastcancer.org -RRB- are a possibility following surgery . '' -LSB- Breast implants -RSB- have been studied worldwide for decades , and the scientific literature shows no causal relationship between implants and autoimmune diseases , '' Cohen says . `` This is not to say that a patient could not have a negative reaction to the medical device . If a patient desires to have their breast implants removed and feels she is having symptoms -LSB- including -RSB- fatigue , muscle joint pain , memory and concentration problems , -LSB- and -RSB- skin rashes , then I have removed the implants for these patients . '' For surgical removal , Cohen says that both the implant and the capsule the body forms around it are removed . Sometimes it can take more than one surgical procedure to ensure that the patient is happy with the final results . Whether you feel that you are experiencing BII after getting breast augmentation or want to remove your implants for another reason , he encourages patients to always chat with a board-certified plastic surgeon to understand your options and next steps . For Tisdale , the choice was clear , but each patient 's experience is different and should be guided by expert advice and sound research . Read more stories about surgical procedures for breasts : Now watch some of your favorite K-Pop stars try 9 things they have never done : Watch Now : Allure Video . Do n't forget to follow Allure on Instagram and Twitter .", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/health/medical/ashley-tisdale-had-her-breast-implants-surgically-removed-due-to-health-issues/ar-BB189Yr3", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223, "Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_FacilitiesServices": 1.0000100135803223, "Lifestyle_Fitness": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008316767077010604, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhKQW8a", "stitle": "Utah troopers arrest nearly 70 , seize 550 pounds of marijuana in 3-day operation", "seg_title_stem": "Utah trooper arrest nearly 70 , seize 550 pound of marijuana in 3-day operation", "seg_content": "TAYLORSVILLE -- A three-day drug interdiction operation in Tooele County by Utah Highway Patrol troopers resulted in 17 felony drug arrests and more than 550 pounds of raw marijuana seized , state and federal officials announced Wednesday . From Aug. 9-11 , the UHP brought 15 troopers from around the state to Tooele County for an operation along I-80 . The troopers made a total of 289 traffic stops resulting in 52 misdemeanor arrests in addition to the 17 felony arrests , and the seizure of 556 pounds of marijuana , 320 THC vape cartridges , 37 pounds of THC edibles , and two handguns in addition to four DUI arrests . The Department of Public Safety along with U.S. Attorney for Utah John Huber announced the results of the operation during a press conference on Wednesday . `` If these amounts are n't alarming to you , understand that out of 289 traffic stops over three days , pulling that amount of drugs off of our roadways and guns out of the hands of those -LRB- not allowed to possess them -RRB- , is significant , '' said Department of Public Safety Commissioner Jess Anderson . In one case , a couple hauling a BMW on a trailer was stopped for having no license plates and speeding . Inside the BMW on the trailer , troopers found 213 pounds of marijuana , approximately 300 THC vape cartridges and 4 pounds of THC wax , according to charging documents . James Garth , 31 , of Eureka , California , and Barbara Wilmoth , 34 , of San Jose , California , were charged in federal court with possessing more than 100 kilograms of marijuana with intent to distribute . Garth told troopers he was being paid $ 500 to deliver the car to Salt Lake City , according to a police affidavit . Huber said the three-day operation represents just a snapshot of what is happening on Utah 's freeways every day . Just as the operation was finishing , a woman was pulled over about 6 a.m. on Aug. 12 on I-80 near Tooele and 219 pounds of marijuana was found in her vehicle , according to a police affidavit . Formal charges , including possibly federal charges , were pending against the woman on Wednesday , according to officials . On July 30 , a federal grand jury returned a two-count indictment against Florin Daniel Goran , 36 , and Claudia Marie de Marco , 35 , both of California after they were caught with 330 pounds of marijuana , 1,240 vape cartridges , 150 THC chocolate bars and 126 packages of THC edibles in a semi pulled over at the Utah-Nevada border on I-80 , Huber said . Huber spoke out strongly Wednesday against illegal marijuana and blamed a `` serious lack of control '' in California , where marijuana sales are legal , for the mass amounts of marijuana passing through Utah . `` This marijuana we 're talking about is not grandpa 's marijuana from when he was in junior high in the '60s . This marijuana is very different ... this is dangerous stuff , '' Huber said . A lot of marijuana being seized on Utah 's freeways is destined for states in the East and Midwest . But `` some of those loads are destined for right here in Salt Lake City or other parts of Utah , '' Anderson noted . Vape cartridges in particular are of great concern to law enforcers because Utah 's high school students are typically the ones targeted by dealers , he said . UHP Col. Mike Rapich said the enforcement efforts along I-80 near the Nevada border were focused on illegal black market marijuana and drug trafficking , not Utahns who go to Wendover where recreational marijuana sales are now legal . `` We 're not talking about legal marijuana here . We 're not talking about marijuana purchased legally , '' Rapich said . `` This was completely black market , illegitimate , there was no connection to any legal nexus within the state of Utah for it to be here . '' From Jan. 1 through Wednesday , UHP troopers had seized a total of 97 pounds of meth , 17 pounds of heroin , 8 pounds of cocaine , nearly 1,250 pounds of marijuana , more than 6,700 vape cartridges , over $ 400,000 in cash and 45 firearms , Anderson said . Huber said domestically grown marijuana is currently a `` hot product '' on the black market , selling for about $ 3,000 per pound .", "url": "https://www.deseret.com/utah/2020/8/19/21375931/utah-troopers-arrest-nearly-70-seize-550-pounds-of-marijuana-in-3-day-operation", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.032981799138786946, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhKwPsx", "stitle": "Travis County Judge Temporarily Blocks Texas Ban On Smokable Hemp Products", "seg_title_stem": "Travis County Judge temporarily block Texas Ban on smokable Hemp Products", "seg_content": "A judge in Travis County has issued a temporary restraining order against a state ban on `` smokable '' hemp products while a lawsuit against the ban proceeds . `` We applaud the judge 's decision , '' Zachary Maxwell , president of Texas Hemp Growers , said in a press release . `` While today 's ruling is not a concrete declaration that the state overstepped its boundaries , it does reinforce the idea that manufacturing , processing and selling smokable hemp products in Texas was perfectly legal prior to the enactment of the rule on Aug. 2 . '' The state passed legislation last year that legalized the production , manufacture , distribution and sale of hemp . The Texas Department of State Health Services issued the ban on smokable hemp products -- like pre-rolls and vape cartridges -- at the beginning of August as part of the ensuing Consumable Hemp Program . Soon after , a group of companies sued the state , calling the ban unconstitutional and unenforceable . `` Not only do these products serve a vital role in the revenue stream of CBD shops , but they are critical to the health and wellbeing of many consumers , '' Maxwell said . `` Unfortunately , this whole scenario could be avoided if the department would listen to the more than 1,700 comments received earlier this summer against the ban . '' An injunction hearing is scheduled for Sept. 2 , at which time both sides will present arguments for and against the temporary injunction . Got a tip ? Email Jerry Quijano at jerry@kut.org . Follow him on Twitter @jerryquijano . If you found the reporting above valuable , please consider making a donation to support it . Your gift pays for everything you find on KUT.org . Thanks for donating today .", "url": "https://www.kut.org/post/travis-county-judge-temporarily-blocks-texas-ban-smokable-hemp-products", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.030434496907155124, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhKzPLg", "stitle": "Weed vending machines debut in Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "weed vend machine debut in Colorado", "seg_content": "-LRB- CNN Business -RRB- -- You can now buy weed out of a vending machine at certain dispensaries in Colorado , America 's oldest market for recreational cannabis . A startup called Anna -- a play on the word `` analytics '' -- has begun deploying high-tech , self-checkout cannabis kiosks at select dispensaries in the state . The machines can hold more than 2,000 products that include cannabis flower , edibles , infused beverages , balms and vape oils . The machines are ideal for the shopper who knows what they want and does n't want to wait in potentially long lines , the company says . Anna 's arrival comes at a time when Covid-19 health protocols have limited consumers ' abilities to shop in person as they had in the past . Cannabis retailers , which in many states were designated as essential businesses , have been able to offer online orders , curbside pickup and delivery , thanks to new pandemic-era rules . Those designations and rule changes have kept sales flowing in the cannabis industry . Sales of medical and recreational cannabis in Colorado set records in May and June , according to state revenue data . Through the first half of 2020 , Colorado cannabis dispensaries sold $ 978 million of marijuana flower , edibles and concentrate products , up nearly 20 % from last year . While self-checkouts and interactive vending machines are n't particularly new in other industries , they 're considered an innovative development for the heavily regulated cannabis sector . Anna is debuting at two dispensaries in Colorado with plans to expand within the state and to other legal cannabis locales in the coming months , the company said , adding that CBD-only machines are in development as well .", "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2020/08/19/business/cannabis-vending-machines-trnd/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9171337485313416}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9171337485313416}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010890716479490433, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhL43BW", "stitle": "Contactless marijuana vending machines launched in Colorado amid pandemic", "seg_title_stem": "contactless marijuana vend machine launch in Colorado amid pandemic", "seg_content": "A Colorado dispensary has begun offering marijuana products in vending machines to allow for contactless purchases during the coronavirus pandemic . Anna , a company that produces what CEO Matt Frost called `` tricked-out vending machines '' for such products , has installed the first ones at Pueblo 's Strawberry Fields dispensary , according to the Denver Post . The machines are set to be installed at a second dispensary , Aurora 's Starbuds , later in the year , Frost said . Frost told the newspaper he saw the opportunity after lockdowns caused demand for curbside pickup to skyrocket in the state . `` There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand holding and want that education from a live person , '' Frost said . `` With COVID and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . '' The company installed four machines inside the dispensary , which still require a check-in and ID . Customers have the option to pay with crash or debit cards . A company app that will allow pre-orders is also coming , according to the Post . The machines will not contain edibles , but Frost told the newspaper he is in talks with gas stations and retail stores to potentially install machines containing nonpsychoactive products . `` The partnership that we 're about to strike I have to keep under wraps for now , but -LSB- it 's -RSB- a very significant CBD distribution opportunity that we 're excited about , '' Frost said . `` I think you 'll be seeing this rollout absolutely in the fall . ''", "url": "https://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/512751-colorado-launches-contactless-marijuana-vending-machines-amid", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.016981826623441505, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhL5tWU", "stitle": "Weed Grower Seeks To Do Business In Templeton", "seg_title_stem": "weed Grower Seeks to do business in Templeton", "seg_content": "It seems the town 's efforts to draw in weed entrepreneurs may be paying off . Residents will get to ask questions about a proposed marijuana cultivator coming to Templeton during an up-coming informational session . A marijuana cultivation facility is being proposed for 642 & 0 Patriots Road . The meeting will be held remotely , Sept. 1 , at 6:30 p.m. , and can be viewed on TCTV 's Youtube channel . In 2019 , noting the tax revenues other communities were brought due to the new marijuana industry , Templeton officials began reaching out to growers to boost interest in doing business in town . Previously , a cultivator , 1620 Lab from Athol had investigated doing business at the old Baldwinville Elementary School . to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .", "url": "https://dailyvoice.com/massachusetts/worcester/business/weed-grower-seeks-to-do-business-in-templeton/792769/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0677845125107251, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhL7w6F", "stitle": "Marijuana vending machine launches in Colorado with first location in Pueblo", "seg_title_stem": "marijuana vend machine launch in Colorado with first location in Pueblo", "seg_content": "COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo. -LRB- KRDO -RRB- -- A cannabis vending machine has debuted in Colorado , with the first one at Strawberry Fields dispensary 's central location in Pueblo . In a world of contactless online shopping and buying groceries , you 'll now be able to purchase cannabis contactless in Colorado . The pot vending machines hold up to 2,000 products , including flower , edibles , and vape oils . Strawberry Fields has one of the `` tricked out vending machines '' where customers can buy marijuana without having to interact with a budtender . Customers do have to check in with a representative in person to provide ID showing their age . Strawberry Fields Cannabis tells KRDO that the vending machine arrived last week to their Central location . The hope is that it will be up and running within the next week . According to Forbes , the next dispensary planned for anna vending machines is Starbuds in Aurora , Colorado , for later this year .", "url": "https://krdo.com/news/top-stories/2020/08/19/marijuana-vending-machine-to-launch-in-colorado-first-one-in-pueblo/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010334758169666348, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhL8urw", "stitle": "COVID-19 Data Breach Response Considerations For The Cannabis Industry", "seg_title_stem": "COVID-19 Data Breach Response Considerations for the Cannabis industry", "seg_content": "This article was originally published on NisonCo , and appears here with permission . In the cannabis industry , where some state governments have determined access to cannabis as an essential service , the resulting mix of some employees working from home while others are on site and serving patients and customers in dispensaries , has added a complicated situation for data security managers and response plans . Incident Response for the Cannabis Industry What is an Incident Response Plan ? A company 's strategy for tackling potential setbacks is its playbook for deploying a rapid , proportional response to a potential security threat , with the goal of complying with applicable data privacy and security laws while maintaining client services . Creating a proactive strategy for potential data breaches starts with listing the roles and responsibilities of staff positions as they work through phases of : Detection , Analysis , Containment and Eradication , Recovery and Reporting . This collection of key staff members designated to run point in a crisis is called the Incident Response Team -LRB- IRT -RRB- . Their ability to execute a quick and comprehensive incident response is often key to a company 's success in a crisis . Here are some important considerations in evaluating your current Incident Response Plan , particularly in a time of a distributed workforce and in the world of working from home . 4 Incident Response Tips for Cannabusinesses 1 . Evaluate Your Team 's Capabilities to Detect an Incident When considering your new work from home environment , it is time to consider how your IT staff will be available in the earliest moments after a potential incident is reported . Wherever possible , it may be time to consider end point detection and response solutions -- an addition to your IT management environment that can provide remote insight and management of laptops being used by employees from their homes . Such a solution can speed the collection of important forensic details while hastening the containment and wider response , while helping avoid or mitigate any costly interruption to dispensary or online sales . Since there is heightened risk with operating a cannabis dispensary in terms of cash and data collection , your ability to respond to critical situations should be equally heightened . 2 . Maintain Privilege and Confidentiality in Remote Communications With your company 's team members working from home , which communication methods yield lower risk of interruption , are more secure , and are available to all members ? Be careful of using free platforms or apps to communicate . Many are not secure , there is no expectation of privacy , and the data stored can be discoverable or subject to subpoena . Public companies should be especially mindful of this . When applicable , legal counsel should be part of calls to help protect sensitive communications under the attorney-client privilege . In situations where staff are on site in dispensaries or facilities , it is key to update and retrain teams about any new reporting requirements tied to incident detection . In other words , if an employee notices something is amiss on a dispensary or facility system , cannabis companies do not want that employee following an outdated communication plan where they call an unattended office phone number or contact a help desk that is not online . Monitoring systems for indicators of compromise starts with your employees , and your company should establish SOPs for how employees communicate threats and when their initial response should be escalated to the proper internal security team . 3 . Do Not Put Off Your Annual Table-Top Exercise Incident Response Plan rehearsal reminds all security team members of the importance of communication and how critical legal determinations , such as what constitutes a data breach , whether customer notification or government agency reporting is required . Where a potential incident interrupts any dispensary 's verification process for medicinal customers or the online ordering process of a web-based service , Incident Response Plan practice allows the responders space to practice their efforts to avoid or mitigate interruption to operations . Outside counsel can run the table top exercise to help protect attorney-client privilege , and can introduce scenarios to best test the team on current threats . Now that your cannabis company 's team is working from home , how will they make use of your Incident Response Plan and communicate threats ? The best way to find out is to schedule time to run a remote tabletop exercise . The updated exercise can provide insight into new strengths or weaknesses created by a distributed team . Such practice can highlight the differences created by an at-home response , such as does everyone on the team have a hard copy of the Incident Response Plan in the event one is not accessible online ? Do n't assume your cloud software will be available at all times -- protect yourself with hard copy backups of crucial SOPs . 4 . New Laws Require Updates to Policies Updating your Incident Response Plan is key , but it should be done in coordination with new emerging data security and privacy laws and current threats . In parallel with rolling out new work-from-home measures , companies should consider adjusting relevant policies , such as the Acceptable Use Policy , and assess how new access controls or encryption measures , such as virtual private networks , multi-factor authentication and other controls can help mitigate risks to security . By remaining vigilant and keeping continuous focus on the issues of security and privacy , companies stitch best practices into the cultural fabric of their team . Cannabis companies are no different than other companies in the pressure they 're feeling with a distributed workforce during the global COVID-19 pandemic . Is your company prepared for any potential security or data threats due to this new digital workplace ? Do n't wait for an incident to be prepared , there 's no better time than now to run a digital exercise to keep your company safe and secure . Read the original Article on NisonCo photo via unsplash", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17087210/covid-19-data-breach-response-considerations-for-the-cannabis-industry", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.030434496907155124, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhLHMRo", "stitle": "Weed vending machines debut in Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "weed vend machine debut in Colorado", "seg_content": "-LRB- CNN Business -RRB- -- You can now buy weed out of a vending machine at certain dispensaries in Colorado , America 's oldest market for recreational cannabis . A startup called Anna -- a play on the word `` analytics '' -- has begun deploying high-tech , self-checkout cannabis kiosks at select dispensaries in the state . The machines can hold more than 2,000 products that include cannabis flower , edibles , infused beverages , balms and vape oils . The machines are ideal for the shopper who knows what they want and does n't want to wait in potentially long lines , the company says . Anna 's arrival comes at a time when Covid-19 health protocols have limited consumers ' abilities to shop in person as they had in the past . Cannabis retailers , which in many states were designated as essential businesses , have been able to offer online orders , curbside pickup and delivery , thanks to new pandemic-era rules . Those designations and rule changes have kept sales flowing in the cannabis industry . Sales of medical and recreational cannabis in Colorado set records in May and June , according to state revenue data . Through the first half of 2020 , Colorado cannabis dispensaries sold $ 978 million of marijuana flower , edibles and concentrate products , up nearly 20 % from last year . While self-checkouts and interactive vending machines are n't particularly new in other industries , they 're considered an innovative development for the heavily regulated cannabis sector . Anna is debuting at two dispensaries in Colorado with plans to expand within the state and to other legal cannabis locales in the coming months , the company said , adding that CBD-only machines are in development as well .", "url": "https://www.cnn.com/2020/08/19/business/cannabis-vending-machines-trnd/index.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9171337485313416}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9171337485313416}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.26980587183504046, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'cunt': 1, 'fucking': 1, 'shit': 1, 'arse': 1}, 'nostrict': {'condom': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhLP6YP", "stitle": "Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine 's Jim Bob : `` Noel Gallagher still hates us ''", "seg_title_stem": "Carter the unstoppable sex machine 's Jim Bob : `` Noel Gallagher still hate we ''", "seg_content": "1 Name two of the brands of condoms featured on the cover of Carter USM 's 1992 single ` The Only Living Boy in New Cross ' `` Wow ! I 'm guessing one is Billy Boy and there 's one with a banana on it ? Most of them are in German , I think . '' CORRECT . Close enough -- Billy Boy was indeed one , and it was Wild Banana . The others are : Ritex Safe Surfer , Ritex Action Box , Magic Luminous Condom , R3 Activ Feucht , Extase and Sticks . `` Crikey ! Fruitbat -LSB- his Carter bandmate -RSB- used to collect condoms from around the world . The single was about AIDS and back then , ` Wear a condom ' was the message , so that 's the connection . We had to put it in an extra brown sleeve ` cause Woolworths would n't stock it , and a vicar complained . '' 2 Which Carter USM single caused Ian Dury to consider getting someone to break your legs ? ``` Do Re Me , So Far So Good ' . '' CORRECT . Because he 'd nearly finished writing a song with the same pun . `` True story ! He told me that when we were filming the video for Carter 's ` The Impossible Dream ' together . It gets mentioned in his biopic , Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll , where Ian 's being arrested and he shouts : ` Do re me , so far so good ! ' . So somebody must have watched that film and thought : ` I wonder why he 's shouting a Carter lyric ?! ' -LRB- Laughs -RRB- '' `` We first met him when he came round to Fruitbat 's house to interview us for a BBC show . When we recorded the ` 1992 -- The Love Album ' , we had a Peter O'Toole sample from the film Man of La Mancha -LSB- on the song ` Skywest and Crooked ' -RSB- that we were n't allowed to use , so we recorded Ian Dury reading from Don Quixote to replace him . Then we asked him to be in ` The Impossible Dream ' video , so spent two days filming in Spain with him . `` We saw all sides of his complex personality -- he was hilarious , angry , and a better drinker than me . He insisted on making me stay up drinking with him , so I had terrible hangovers while sat on a horse in the desert . '' 3 When Carter USM headlined Glastonbury in 1992 , how many foam balls did you fire into the crowd ? `` I do n't know , but I 'm guessing 10,000 ? '' WRONG . According to your memoir In The Shadow Of My Former Self , it 's 5,000 . `` In reality , it was probably 2,000 . Originally we wanted to drop them from a helicopter when we played our then-next single -- the name of the song was printed on the balls . We could n't get permission , so we worked our way down to cannons and Select magazine slagged us off because the foam balls were against the ethos of Greenpeace -LRB- Laughs -RRB- . '' Carter USM were banned from Glastonbury for slagging off organiser Michael Eavis from the stage ... `` Fruitbat says he 's got a letter saying he was banned , but I do n't know if we officially were . I remember an atmosphere in the dressing room afterwards and Michael Eavis coming round and shouting and us being asked to leave . It was n't a great experience . We played Reading festival the year before and that 's a perfect memory , whereas Glastonbury was stressful . I did n't enjoy it . '' Any other ideas you had that proved too ambitious ? `` We tried to fly a giant Brussels sprout above Battersea Power Station -- like the Pink Floyd pig -- but could n't get permission , so that got scaled down to sending Brussels sprouts in little boxes to journalists . Not as exciting ! '' 4 Who once attacked you in a bar for ripping off Blur ? `` Justine Frischmann -- I remember that quite well ! '' CORRECT . `` It was when our single ` Lean On Me I Wo n't Fall Over ' was out and it was similar to a Blur song -LSB- ` Advert ' -RSB- -- lyrically and musically . I was massively into Blur , so it 's possible I was influenced . We were in a bar and she was drunk -- everyone was drunk in those days ! -- and she started having a go and trying to hit me . '' What was it like for you when Britpop arrived ? Those pre-Britpop bands like Carter USM seem to have been airbrushed out of history ... `` At the time , we just felt ignored and envious of the publicity those bands were getting . Years later , it 's irritating because it 's as though we never happened -- that nothing happened around that time . It 's more the rewriting of history that pisses me off . I liked Blur and Suede -- I did n't particularly like Oasis . '' Ever collided with a Gallagher ? `` I 've got a vivid memory of Noel staring us out when he was a roadie for the Inspiral Carpets at a festival -- he never liked us . Even now , he still talks about how much he hates us . For some reason , we did something that really upset him ! '' 5 How many black spots are on the front cover of Carter USM 's debut album ` 101 Damnations ' ? `` It should be 101 but I know it is n't . Did you count them ? 38 ? '' WRONG . It 's 56 . Apparently you originally wanted to call it ` Cunt ' ... `` That was just us being stupid -- though we were also semi-serious ` cause the fourth Carter album ` Post Historic Monsters ' was supposed to be called ` Commercial Fucking Suicide ' but the label would n't let us do it -- because it would be literal commercial suicide . On the day we signed our record contract , we told them we wanted to call it ` Cunt ' . Childish really . '' It 's quite a Sleaford Mods title ... `` Like I said -- childish -LRB- Laughs -RRB- '' 6 NME once gave away a packet of musician-themed playing cards . What card were Carter USM ? For example , Ian Curtis was the Ace of Spades `` I see these from time to time . The Eight of Hearts '' ? WRONG . It 's the Two of Diamonds . `` Shit ! '' For a bonus half-point , in the spirit of ` 80s / '90s gameshow Play Your Cards Right , can you guess whether the next musicians in the pack are higher or lower ? Your base card is Carter USM . Morrissey `` He 's higher ? '' CORRECT . He was the Queen of Diamonds . Shaun Ryder `` Around that time , I 'm thinking higher than Morrissey ... is he the King ? '' WRONG . He was the Nine of Diamonds . `` So I do n't win a car ?! '' Afraid not , Jim Bob . Carter USM covered The Smiths -- did you ever receive any feedback from any of the original artists about your covers ? `` Pet Shop Boys said our version of ` Rent ' was better than theirs , but I do n't know if they were being sarcastic -LRB- Laughs -RRB- . Paul Weller once gave me a look in a canteen in a rehearsal studio that suggested our version of ` Down in the Tube Station at Midnight ' was n't as good as the original ! '' The last card was going to be Debbie Harry -- the Queen of Spades -- because you were once invited to write songs with her in New York . Would it have sounded like Blondie singing Carter ? `` It was because we shared an A&R . The timing did n't happen in the end , but I 'd quite like to hear Debbie Harry singing about Streatham or a south London housing estate -- it could have been a good thing ! '' 7 Which Carter USM song was This Morning presenter Holly Willoughby filmed singing along to on her Snapchat in 2018 ? ``` The Impossible Dream ''' CORRECT . She was singing it to Phillip Schofield -- who Fruitbat famously rugby-tackled at the 1991 Smash Hits Poll Winners Party `` My manager was at a television award dinner with Phillip Schofield , who said : ` Give Carter my love ' . That night , after they 'd had a few drinks , she 'd -LSB- Holly Willoughby -RSB- found that video and was trying to wind him up . I thought it was great and hilarious . '' Fruitbat 's Schofe-toppling has gone down in history as a funny awards show moment , but at the time there were crisis talks at your label . Were you worried ? `` Yes . I did n't see it happen -- I 'd left the stage because I was pissed off with him after he knocked everything over . Someone from the BBC told me a microphone stand hit somebody in the audience and nearly killed a child . I thought : ` That 's the end of the band -- we 've killed a child ! ' . And the label were having a meeting to decide on our future . Phillip Schofield has passed on lots of nice messages to us over the years , but at the time , it was quite violent -LRB- Laughs -RRB- . `` It 's not a cheeky jump on him -- he probably would have got a few punches in if he could ! It was on all the front pages the day after , and only became funny when we played a gig that night and the audience chanted : ` Phillip Schofield -- what a wanker ! ' Every now at then , someone will still shout that . '' 8 Name any of the three bands Carter USM reviewed when you appeared on The Big Breakfast in the ` 90s ? `` Good god ! The simple answer is probably ` No ' -LRB- Laughs -RRB- , but ... Kylie Minogue ? Not Dannii Minogue ? Mel & Kim ? '' WRONG . You cast judgement over Bananarama , Gary Glitter and The House of Love . `` I bet we gave Gary Glitter a good review as well ! '' You 're safe -- you slated everyone bar The House of Love . `` Phew ! Thank god for that ! -LRB- Laughs -RRB- But I love Bananarama -- in our later years , ` The Shit Years ' as we call them , we played a university ball with them . '' Talking of reviews , when an NME reviewer rated your 2003 solo album ` Goodnight Jim Bob ' 3/10 , your then-manager had the journalist 's phone number printed on 300 strips of paper and distributed at a gig . Ever take revenge in any other inventive ways ? `` No , but when we were at the peak of our success , we had our own security , and they once gaffer taped an ex-NME editor , who was on tour with us , to the ceiling . And we liked him ! -LRB- Laughs -RRB- '' 9 Complete the following lyrics : ` 2020 , have you got no pride ? ' `` You 're worse than 2016 when everybody died . '' CORRECT . From the song ` 2020 WTF ! ' on your new album , ` Pop Up Jim Bob ' . `` I went seven years without writing songs but that 's because I was writing books -LSB- under the name J.B. Morrison -RSB- -- I 'd used up all the words . -LRB- Laughs -RRB- Then I did some gigs at Shepherds Bush Empire , which made me want to record with a band again . I got obsessed with the Succession theme tune and started messing around in the computer , trying to write that type of music -- which got me back into writing songs . This is definitely the most Carter thing I 've done since Carter -- it sounds more Carter than the last three Carter albums -LRB- Laughs -RRB- . The album 's lyrics were probably influenced by me watching online arguments , not agreeing with either side , and thinking it was safer to put my opinions in songs than on Twitter . '' 10 What 's the Goodreads rating of your book ` A Godawful Small Affair ' ? `` I do n't check these things . If it 's out of five , I 'm going to say 4.5 ? '' CORRECT . It 's 4.56 . `` With my books , there are n't a lot of casual readers -- they 're usually people who really like them . -LRB- Laughs -RRB- Not successful enough to get twos . '' Any memorable reviews or things that have been written about you over the years ? `` The best stories are those that are n't true . We told a journalist on Carter 's tour bus that U2 had asked us to support them on tour -- that ended up in print , which escalated to the point where we pretended to be Bono and The Edge on an American radio show -- we did n't even bother doing the accents ! Bono and The Edge ended up asked about it and Bono said he would n't have anybody on shorts on their stage ! -LRB- Laughs -RRB- '' `` Another time , a rumour went round that I 'd ghostwritten Arctic Monkeys ' debut album . I enjoyed that one -- but did n't start it . People thought because Alex Turner mentioned things from the ` 80s , he could n't have written it . Whenever I was asked about it , the answer I gave was : ` I was n't allowed to talk about it ' -- implying it was true -LRB- Laughs -RRB- . '' Bonus question ! For a half-point , what did the late music promoter Jon ` Fat ' Beast wear to introduce Carter USM at their first comeback gig at Glasgow Barrowlands in 2007 ? `` A jockstrap and an apple stuck up his arse ? '' CORRECT . `` Some things you wish you could forget ! '' The verdict : 6.5 / 10 `` I 'm happy with that ! I 've been doing internet quizzes with Fruitbat and a few friends , and I always come last or second to last . '' -- Jim Bob 's latest solo album , ` Pop Up Jim Bob ` is available now via Cherry Red", "url": "https://www.nme.com/music-interviews/jim-bob-of-carter-the-unstoppable-sex-machine-there-was-a-rumour-that-id-ghostwritten-arctic-monkeys-debut-album-2732185", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9955394864082336}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 0.9955394864082336}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Other": 0.9955394864082336}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.004404376213608606, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhLmQh9", "stitle": "13 Best Cannabis Delivery Dispensaries in Marin & The North Bay", "seg_title_stem": "13 best cannabis delivery dispensary in Marin & The North Bay", "seg_content": "This article was orinigally published leading up to 4/20 , a holiday with a nearly mythological origin story in our very own Marin County . This year , you may have partaken a bit differently than those years prior . The iconic Hippie Hill was closed to the public and parks were shut down in Marin due to the pandemic . You were likely isolated inside with only those closest to you around . Fortunately , that 's all you really needed to get 4/20 right . With more opening every week and walks in nature a must these days , these are the 14 best cannabis delivery dispensaries in Marin and throughout the North Bay . Why is this list free ? Farmhouse Artisan Market very much so mirrors the lifestyle of those in the North Bay . With an appreciation for the outdoors of Marin & Sonoma Counties and an understanding of the connection that our human lives have with the plants around us , Farmhouse serves up cannabis delivery options including flower , edibles , CBD & more , all sourced from the surrounding areas of Sonoma , Napa , Marin , Mendocina , and beyond . Proven is a medicinal & recreational service that delivers high-end cannabis products same day . This may not be the case during shelter-in-place . They have a $ 40 minimum order amount and can deliver as much as 8 ounces if you have a medical recommendation or 1 ounce if you are purchasing recreationally . Proven has everything from pure flower to pre-rolls to edibles . They carry concentrates , cartridges , Pax ® Pods , STIIIZY ® Pods , topicals , and even CBD for pets . Moonflower works only with companies that align with their mission of providing the best experience from product to delivery . Their suppliers are all from California and they all work within the goal of giving you the highest quality cannabis . Moonflower has a large catalog of products and delivers to Corte Madera , Tiburon , Sausalito , Mill Valley , Larkspur , Kentfield , Ross , Fairfax , San Anselmo , San Rafael & Novato . Buzz Delivery services the bay area with same day cannabis delivery . They operate from noon until 8pm and can usually make a delivery within the hour . Buzz carries products ranging from Pax vape pods to pre rolled blunts . They require a $ 50 minimum order and tack on a $ 2 delivery fee . All items sold are rigorously lab tested according to the Bureau of Cannabis Controls testing standards . Foggy Daze Delivery designates itself as a local weed producer and delivery service . The man behind Foggy Daze , Evrett started 20 years ago as a cannabis trimmer and now boasts of the 150 strains he has developed . Delivery starts at 11am and goes until 10pm . They are open 7 days a week and pride themselves on providing friendly customer service . Flowsent is a luxury weed delivery service focused on San Rafael and the surrounding areas . Their team has been in and around the cannabis industry for a combined 50 years leading to partnerships with great weed brands like : Guild Extracts , Papa & Barkley , Whoopi & Maya , Elyon Cannabis Farm , Alien Labs , Fig Farms , Sovereign , Lagunitas . Delivery of product in 2 hours or less . Jahnetics Delivery provides locally grown flower to the the bay area at reasonable prices . Delivery hours are from 11 am until 8pm and take 45 minutes to about 3 hours to deliver depending on location . Many of the cannabis strains sold by Jahnetics has won accolades at Hempcon and by the High Times . Deliveries are free and require a minimum order of $ 40 . Firefly Marin prides itself on its customer service so much so that if you do n't see a product for delivery just ask for it and they will try to procure it for you . Firefly provides free delivery on orders over $ 60 . They have delivery times from Monday - Saturday 11am - 8pm . Healing Light delivers and grows local flower -LRB- Northern California -RRB- in the bay area . They are able to get you products from 11am until 1am with minimums ranging from $ 25 to $ 75 . Outside of their inhouse strains Healing Light hand sources cannabis from various other small batch family owned farms . They offer deliveries in San Francisco , Marin , East Bay , and the Peninsula . West Coast Smoke serves up high-end cannabis products for adult medicinal & recreational purposes . Servicing Santa Rosa , Napa , Ukiah , & numerous surrounding cities , West Coast Smoke has a lot of 4/20 specials this year . From vapes to dabs to edibles & even beverages , WCS has a diverse portfolio of products for you to choose from . On this 4/20 you will find deals on flower , pre-rolls , pods , and more . At Purple Star MD , healing is central to their mission . They are proudly the most affordable dispensary in San Francisco , and they deliver to much of the Greater Bay Area . Purple Star has daily deals , and when we are not self-isolating , they have fun demos and events at their physical location in SF . They have extended hours on 4/20 , as well as curbside pickup and online ordering options . Sava is more than just a cannabis delivery company that services Marin , San Francisco , the East Bay , the Peninsula , Contra Costa , and the Greater Tri Valley Area . With a light and beautiful web platform , Sava seeks to address the varied needs of its diverse customer base . Their belief is that the `` best cannabis '' can only be the best one for you , so Sava works to match you with what works for you . Nice Guys Delivery is a online cannabis store with a wide array of products . They always have a bunch of deals that are prominently displayed on their home page , and new members get 25 % off . Nice Guys even sells seeds to help those with a green thumb start their own garden . On this 4/20 they are have a live stream so that you can share the holiday with the Nice Guys community . The above list includes Marijuana Delivery Marin that SFist believes actively provides superior services . In some cases , they are among the most successful teams in San Francisco . In some cases , variable , sponsorship listing fees or commissions effect the ranking position of the teams , but every one has a history of providing great services . To learn more about SFist 's classifieds listings read more here . SFist / Best of San Francisco / Best Marijuana Delivery Companies SF / 13 Best Marijuana Delivery Marin", "url": "https://sfist.com/2020/08/17/cannabis-delivery-dispensaries-marin/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.28908847056627357, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhLqpr0", "stitle": "What Is Laundry Stripping , and Does It Work ? A Cleaning Expert Explains the Viral Soaking Method", "seg_title_stem": "what be Laundry Stripping , and do it work ? a Cleaning Expert explain the viral soak method", "seg_content": "No one wants to put more time and energy into cleaning than they have to . That 's exactly why most of us throw our laundry into the washer and dryer , and call it a day . But sometimes -LRB- key word : sometimes -RRB- , it may not seem like a standard wash and dry gets the job done . Enter laundry stripping , the latest cleaning method that people -- TikTok users , especially -- are obsessing over . Laundry stripping is n't new by any means : Many people , including Good Housekeeping Institute 's Cleaning Lab , have used this soaking method for years to remove detergent residue , fabric softener , minerals from hard water , and body oils from textiles . But one viral before-and-after TikTok by MrsLaurenElms started a cleaning movement in recent months , causing TikToks with #laundrystripping to rack up 18.5 million views . This content is imported from TikTok . You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site . It makes sense why this soaking method is taking off -- the TikToks show tubs filled with murky brown water after hours of soaking clean laundry . This prompted many people to wonder if they 've been unknowingly wrapping up in dirty sheets and towels all this time . Just like other of-the-moment trends , there are tons of questions about this soaking technique -- some are straight-forward -LRB- Can I strip other items beside towels and sheets ? -RRB- , while others are more complicated -LRB- Is laundry stripping effective ? -RRB- . Before you head to the bathtub with borax in hand , read through this how-to guide by Good Housekeeping Institute Cleaning Lab Director Carolyn Forte to determine if it 's the most effective cleaning method for your sheets and towels . What Is Laundry Stripping ? Essentially , laundry stripping is a thorough method of soaking that gets rid of any leftover detergent , fabric softener , minerals from hard water , and natural body oils that have collected on textiles over a period of time . The process itself is rather lengthy : Towels and sheets sit in a tub of hot water , borax , washing soda -LRB- sodium carbonate -RRB- , and laundry detergent until the water has cooled completely , about four to five hours in total . Over time , the water 's heat causes the dyes to run , which explains why it turns brown or gray . That means , it works best on whites , lights , and colorfast bath towels and bed sheets . You can still soak colorful textiles -- just avoid mixing bright colors with whites to avoid accidentally dyeing anything . While laundry stripping is suitable for any clothing or bedding items that can withstand high temperatures , you should avoid stripping delicate items -- a standard wash and dry -LRB- or hand-wash for some delicates -RRB- should clean them completely . How to Effectively Strip Wash Sheets and Towels Fill your bathtub , sink , or a large bucket with hot water . Add borax , washing soda -LRB- sodium carbonate -RRB- , and laundry detergent in a 1:1:2 ratio . For a bathtub , add 1/4 cup borax , 1/4 cup washing soda , and 1/2 cup laundry detergent . Stir until it dissolves completely . Submerge your clean towels or sheets in the mixture and soak until the water has cooled , which usually takes at least four hours . Stir occasionally to release the buildup on the towels . Drain the murky water , then throw your towels or sheets through a rinse-only cycle in your washing machine . Tumble dry without dryer sheets . Does Laundry Stripping Actually Work ? In short , you should n't have to strip towels and sheets on a regular basis if you 're washing them correctly . There are some instances where laundry stripping may be necessary , especially if you notice buildup after washing with homemade detergent , frequently use dryer sheets or fabric softener , or live in a hard water area and do n't have a water softener installed in your home . Think of it this way : Too much of a good thing -LRB- laundry detergent and fabric softener -RRB- can sometimes be bad , causing whites to turn dark and dingy . Laundry stripping is an easy way to give towels and sheets new life -- or at least , a refreshed look . As a general rule , following smart laundry practices on a regular basis is the recommended cleaning method : Use deep-cleaning detergent like GH Seal star Tide . Do n't overload the washing machine . Do n't use too much detergent or fabric softener . Use proper laundry sorting techniques to avoid residue from building up . If you notice residue or want to prevent buildup , add borax or washing soda to a regular load in the washer . The bottom line , according to Forte : `` If you have a lot of towels or sheets that need help , this is a good way to tackle them quickly . Then make sure to follow good laundering habits afterward , so you do n't have to do it again ! '' This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses . You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io This commenting section is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page . You may be able to find more information on their web site .", "url": "https://www.goodhousekeeping.com/home/cleaning/a33588329/laundry-stripping/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01584600572077353, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhLuSbZ", "stitle": "Albany man charged with reckless driving after rear-end , 3-car crash near Powell Butte", "seg_title_stem": "Albany man charge with reckless driving after rear-end , 3-car crash near Powell Butte", "seg_content": "An Albany man was charged with reckless driving Wednesday after a three-car crash on Highway 126 near Powell Butte sent one driver to the hospital with serious injuries , according to the Crook County Sheriff 's Office . Deputies from the Crook County Sheriff 's Office were dispatched around 5:20 a.m. to investigate an injury traffic crash on Hwy . 126 at SW Parrish Ln . in Powell Butte . Sgt. Jacob Childers said the investigation determined that a Honda Fit driven by a 52-year-old Bend man was stopped eastbound on Hwy . 126 at SW Parrish Rd. , waiting to turn left . A Hyundai Accent being driven by 21-year-old Orion Tillitt of Albany was also eastbound on Hwy . 126 approaching SW Parrish Ln . and failed to stop behind the Honda , Childers said . Tillitt car rear-ended the Hyundai at near highway speed , pushing the Hyundai into the westbound lane where it collided head-on with a westbound Ford F150 being driven by a 33-year-old Clackamas man . The Ford F150 left the road after the collision and struck a fence and power pole , shearing the pole and causing it to fall into the road , Childers said . Crook County Fire Rescue responded to the scene and cut the driver of the Ford F150 from the truck . He was taken by Life Flight to St. Charles in Bend with possible serious injuries . The driver of the Honda Fit was taken by Crook County Fire Rescue to St. Charles in Prineville with minor injuries . Tillitt was cited in lieu of custody at the scene for Reckless Driving . He was taken by Redmond Fire to St. Charles in Redmond for minor injuries . The Crook County Sheriff 's Office was assisted on scene by the Prineville Police Department , Oregon State Police , Crook County Fire Rescue , Redmond Fire , Life Flight , Oregon Department of Transportation and Pacific Power and Light . `` As early morning and afternoon travel continues to increase on Hwy . 126 and Powell Butte Hwy. , drivers need to exhibit patience and plan appropriately for increased travel times , '' Childers said . `` Deputies have seen a significant increase in citizen traffic complaints and motor vehicle crashes on these roadways , primarily involving speeds/unsafe passing and inattentive driving behaviors . ''", "url": "https://centraloregondaily.com/albany-man-charged-with-reckless-driving-after-rear-end-3-car-crash-near-powell-butte/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Accident": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.010361690090645598, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhLzlon", "stitle": "NFL 's Clint Johnson Joins Cannabis Advocacy Group , Says Helping Others Is ` Lifelong Mission '", "seg_title_stem": "NFL 's Clint Johnson join Cannabis Advocacy Group , say help other be ` lifelong Mission '", "seg_content": "Athletes for CARE recently hired Clint Johnson , former football player for the Atlanta Falcons -LRB- NFL -RRB- , Edmonton Eskimos -LRB- CFL -RRB- and Notre Dame . Johnson will be the organization 's Director of Development . Athletes for CARE is focused on advocating for research , education , and compassion around health issues , with a focus on cannabis . Johnson will bring a wealth of experience from a dynamic career focused on the growth , development , and expansion of organizations that directly benefit the community , to his role at Athletes for CARE . Prior to being appointed Director of Development , Johnson fostered federal relationships with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , resulting in non-profit affiliates receiving a Federal Grant in excess of $ 1 million for Housing and Foreclosure Prevention . Johnson also holds a Juris Doctor degree , and previously served as the managing member attorney for a progressive law firm . Anna Valent , executive director of Athletes for CARE told Benzinga , `` Athletes for CARE is thrilled to have Clint Johnson join the team as Director of Development . Clint 's experience and success as a professional athlete , coupled with his passion for creating change , will be very valuable to our organization as we continue to empower athletes to use their influence to improve global standards of health , safety , and quality of life . '' Adding to these comments , Johnson told Benzinga , `` It 's been a lifelong mission to help others around me , and I can not think of a better organization to continue doing so than Athletes for CARE . It is a privilege to join the team and to advocate for the well-being of so many athletes around the world . '' Courtesy photo", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17159794/nfls-clint-johnson-joins-cannabis-advocacy-group-says-helping-others-is-lifelong-mission", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.9965320825576782, "Sports": 0.8681420683860779}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 0.8681420683860779, "Society_Advocacy": 0.9965320825576782}, "third_cat": {"Society_Advocacy_Other": 0.9965320825576782}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6680187101328448, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhMB7w5", "stitle": "` Married At First Sight ' Video Reveals Woody Giving Amani A Sexy Surprise", "seg_title_stem": "` married at First Sight ' Video reveal Woody Giving Amani A Sexy Surprise", "seg_content": "The honeymoon is still in full swing for Woody and Amani on Lifetime 's `` Married at First Sight . '' An exclusive International Business Times video clip from Wednesday 's new Season 11 episode shows Woody 's sweet gestures for his wife . When Woody and Amani get back to their place , Woody has arranged for rose petals and candles to lead the way to the big bath . `` I feel overwhelmed with like euphoric feelings , '' Amani tells the cameras . `` He makes me feel really beautiful . He makes me feel seen and I feel heard . I like that . '' To top it off , Woody gives her a new charm for her bracelet . `` You 're the best husband I 've ever had , '' she says . Woody tells the `` Married at First Sight '' cameras that he 's letting his guard down more than he would if they were just dating . `` It 's fun to just be a husband . It 's different when you 're dating somebody , '' he explains . `` I think you put up fronts and you do n't give all those things out because you do n't know really truly who that person is . But I have a wife , and I was never the mushy guy . But the mushy guy is actually working for my wife , so it 's just like , maybe the guy that you thought you were is n't the guy that you had to be all the time . '' Woody says he wanted to make Amani feel like a queen , a goal he accomplished . Amani asks what makes him feel special . For Woody , it seems like their marriage is already making him feel good . He lists off all the things he likes about their relationship . They can be blunt , they both want families . `` Honestly speaking , you make me a better man , which I think is everybody 's end goal , '' he says . `` Married at First Sight '' Season 11 airs Wednesdays on Lifetime .", "url": "https://www.ibtimes.com/married-first-sight-video-reveals-woody-giving-amani-sexy-surprise-3031149", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9995489120483398, "Society": 0.9339871406555176}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9995489120483398, "Society_Other": 0.9339871406555176}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10418556047736655, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhMH076", "stitle": "Broncos ' Jake Butt refuses to quit in pursuit of NFL dream", "seg_title_stem": "bronco ' Jake Butt refuse to quit in pursuit of NFL dream", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -- Leave . Walk away . Go anywhere but here . Those thoughts invaded Jake Butt 's mind over the last few years . Football provided every reason to break up . Butt has torn his ACL three times , and last year as he finally gained traction , he required a meniscus repair . Butt is no longer the sleeper pick , the unearthed gem late in the draft with endless potential . He enters training camp clawing for a roster spot in a crowded tight end room . Butt remains as impressive a young man you 'll meet . He will be successful whether he wears a helmet or not . So I asked him after Wednesday 's practice , defined by a huge rebound by the offense , why continue playing football ? Recent Stories from thedenverchannel.com Skip Ad `` That 's a good question , '' said Butt , as he placed his chin in his hand . `` There were a lot of days I wanted to quit . I questioned myself . My friends , my support group kept me going and just some craziness . I have been raised that you ca n't quit . I go back to that . And I am really happy I stuck with it . I feel like I can play in this league . '' The #Broncos offense counterpunched on Wednesday . Not surprisingly , Pro Bowler @SuttonCourtland led the charge with a pair of big catches . My #Denver7 video recap of Day 5 . pic.twitter.com/AsMBji2DXn -- Troy Renck -LRB- @TroyRenck -RRB- August 19 , 2020 After five practices , Butt has reason to believe . He looks healthier than this time a year ago , and is quietly making plays . Wednesday featured a drop , but he delivered several tough catches Sunday . His path to the roster is cobbled with potholes . Noah Fant , Nick Vannett and Albert Okwuegbunam remain locks to make the team . That leaves Butt battling with Troy Fumagalli , who had a terrific touchdown catch over Isaac Yiadom on Wednesday , for likely one jersey . Butt is self-aware . He knows the challenge after posting eight catches for 85 yards in his career . But he has embraced the journey over the results , leading to inspiring mental toughness . `` I have listened and learned . And I think it 's something everyone can learn . Tough days are going to come . You ca n't quit , '' Butt said . `` You got ta keep showing up . '' The former Michigan star explained that a book -- `` Chop Wood , Carry Water '' -- given to him by Broncos strength and conditioning coach Loren Landow helped inspire him . It focuses on narrowly defining goals , making incremental improvement , enjoying the process . For Butt , that 's all he had the past two years , enveloped by the loneliness of rehab that leaves a player feeling untethered from his teammates . `` That 's one of the hardest parts that no one really talks about , '' Butt said . `` You have to keep fighting through it . '' It 's too early to predict if Butt will land on the 53-man roster . However , his comeback has already reached a milestone , creating a realistic chance of him playing somewhere this fall . `` There 's no one in this locker room that does n't want to see Jake -LRB- Butt -RRB- succeed , '' Broncos quarterback Drew Lock said . `` He has worked so hard to get back . '' Footnotes Following the offense 's woeful performance Tuesday , Courtland Sutton answered with an exclamation point Wednesday . After an early drop on a pass over the middle , the Pro Bowler put on a clinic at Bryce Callahan 's expense . He caught two touchdowns , including a long pass that featured Kareem Jackson and Callahan colliding into each other . After the play , Phillip Lindsay and Jackson jawed over the play , with the gist that they ca n't cover Sutton . It was a fantastic , spirited exchange . ... The third cornerback spot remains up for grabs . It is important because Callahan profiles better in the slot than outside . De'Vante Bausby 's style and aggressiveness has him in the mix . He 's not afraid to get physical and make plays . Isaac Yiadom is pushing for the spot , but continues to give a huge cushion in coverage . He does n't get beat deep much , but gives up yards underneath . ... Center Lloyd Cushenberry received first-team reps Wednesday . He is making progress and showing the type of football IQ that suggests he could win the job . ... Phillip Lindsay provided energy with his early runs . And Melvin Gordon continues to excel in the passing game on short and wheel routes . ... Tight end Nick Vannett is in the concussion protocol after a hard hit on Tuesday , and Noah Fant missed practice with an illness unrelated to COVID-19 . Davontae Harris is dealing with a bruised knee and Bradley Chubb -LRB- knee -RRB- received a planned day off as he recovers from ACL surgery .", "url": "https://www.thedenverchannel.com/sports/broncos/broncos-jake-butt-refuses-to-quit-in-pursuit-of-nfl-dream", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.015442575568849603, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhMOl4P", "stitle": "Why you should buy cannabis and clean-energy stocks if stocks slump and Biden wins , according to one wealth manager", "seg_title_stem": "why you should buy cannabis and clean-energy stock if stock slump and Biden win , accord to one wealth manager", "seg_content": "Mark Tepper , Strategic Wealth Partners CEO and president , said that a Biden win will cause a quick sell-off in the markets . He suggested investors reposition their portfolios with clean energy and cannabis stocks if a Biden presidency becomes more likely in the next few months . Tepper told Fox Business that the market has liked President Trump , and that he believes there 's a `` silent majority '' that will cause Trump to win again . Visit the Business Insider homepage for more stories . Mark Tepper , Strategic Wealth Partners CEO and president , said he believes signs are pointing to another Trump win , but if anything changes between now and November , investors will need to reposition their portfolios . He told Fox Business on Wednesday that `` obviously the market has liked President Trump 's pro-growth and pro-business policies . That 's why the stock market is up 15 % annualized since he was elected . '' If Biden wins office , the market will `` sell off pretty quickly '' because taxes will skyrocket , Tepper said . The CEO shared his tool for how investors can gain insight into who the market thinks is going to win . He said to look at the performance of the S&P 500 index from the beginning of August until the election . In past elections , when that performance was positive , the incumbent party remained in office 87 % of the time , Tepper said . If the S&P 500 trends downward as November nears , Tepper said Strategic Wealth Partners `` would definitely reposition . '' He suggested investors seek out clean energy stocks , as Biden 's campaign is emphasizing clean energy in its climate plan . The iShares Global Clean Energy ETF -LRB- ICLN -RRB- is up 40 % year-to-date as of Wednesday . Tepper also said that investors may want to go invest in cannabis stocks for a Biden win . `` Not a lot of people own any stocks in that space -- that would do better under a Biden presidency , '' he said . The Global X Cannabis ETF -LRB- POTX -RRB- is down 34 % year-to-date as of Wednesday . But Tepper concluded that he does not expect a Biden win . `` I do expect that there 's a silent majority that will come out and support Trump , and I do think Trump remains in office for another four years , '' he said .", "url": "https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/stock-market-presidential-election-buy-cannabis-clean-energy-biden-wins-2020-8-1029518153", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 0.9899471998214722}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 0.9899471998214722}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.037535579782676506, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhMlCcR", "stitle": "Multiple law enforcement agencies arrest dozens in registered sex offender compliance operation", "seg_title_stem": "multiple law enforcement agency arrest dozen in register sex offender compliance operation", "seg_content": "LUBBOCK , Texas -- The following is a news release from the City of Lubbock : From August 10 to August 13 , 6 federal agents , 60 state and local sworn law enforcement personnel along with LPD and LSO 's Sex Offender Compliance Registrars participated in a sex offender compliance operation which led to several local arrests . Law enforcement personnel from the participating agencies located more than 450 registered sex offenders in Lubbock County to check their compliance with state laws . Approximately 40 investigations have been generated for sex offenders who were found to be non-compliant via the state of Texas as well as the U.S. Marshals Service . More arrests will be forthcoming as a result of this operation . This four-day joint operation is a continued example of the dedicated partnership between local , state and federal agencies to ensure local convicted sex offenders are complying with the required restrictions . The successful multi-agency enforcement included joint efforts by the United States Marshals Service - North Texas Fugitive Task Force , Lone Star Fugitive Task Force , Lubbock Police Department , Lubbock County Sheriff 's Office , the Criminal Investigations Division of Texas Department of Public Safety and Buffalo Springs Lake Police Department . Here is a list of those arrested : 20-29256 Flores , Ricky Fail to Comply -LRB- FTC -RRB- 20-29260 Ortiz , Rueben FTC 20-29266 Rivera , Wildafredo FTC 20-29269 Shannon , James FTC 20-29287 Lindal , Roy FTC , PD warrant 20-29288 Barros , Tino FTC 20-29299 Rodriguez , Isaac FTC 20-29314 Sandefur , Cory FTC , Arrested for FTC from Hutcherson Co warrant . 20-29312 Flores , Carlos FTC 20-29428 Jimenez , Gustavo FTC 20-29436 Garcia , Gorge FTC , Arrested for Possession of Marijuana 20-29434 Ford , Tom FTC 20-29460 Ontivarious , Eddie FTC 20-29463 Samples , Billy FTC and arrested for Gun charge 20-29464 Sifuentes , Jimmy FTC 20-29470 Stevenson , Broderick FTC 20-29471 Pulley , Aaron FTC 20-29480 Ramos , Christopher Felony Warrant 20-29591 Cortiaz , Robert FTC 20-29605 Martinez , Conrad FTC", "url": "https://www.everythinglubbock.com/news/local-news/city-of-lubbock-registered-sex-offender-compliance-operation-leads-to-several-arrests/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.016896970007083102, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhMrCpp", "stitle": "Contactless marijuana vending machines launched in Colorado amid pandemic", "seg_title_stem": "contactless marijuana vend machine launch in Colorado amid pandemic", "seg_content": "A Colorado dispensary has begun offering marijuana products in vending machines to allow for contactless purchases during the coronavirus pandemic . Anna , a company that produces what CEO Matt Frost called `` tricked-out vending machines '' for such products , has installed the first ones at Pueblo 's Strawberry Fields dispensary , according to the Denver Post . The machines are set to be installed at a second dispensary , Aurora 's Starbuds , later in the year , Frost said . Frost told the newspaper he saw the opportunity after lockdowns caused demand for curbside pickup to skyrocket in the state . `` There are experienced cannabis customers who do n't necessarily need that one-on-one interaction with a budtender . They know what they want before they walk in , they 're ready to go in and out . By doing this we 're giving more time back to the people who do need hand holding and want that education from a live person , '' Frost said . `` With COVID and social distancing and contactless , definitely we have an appeal there , as well . '' The company installed four machines inside the dispensary , which still require a check-in and ID . Customers have the option to pay with crash or debit cards . A company app that will allow pre-orders is also coming , according to the Post . The machines will not contain edibles , but Frost told the newspaper he is in talks with gas stations and retail stores to potentially install machines containing nonpsychoactive products . `` The partnership that we 're about to strike I have to keep under wraps for now , but -LSB- it 's -RSB- a very significant CBD distribution opportunity that we 're excited about , '' Frost said . `` I think you 'll be seeing this rollout absolutely in the fall . ''", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/contactless-marijuana-vending-machines-launched-in-colorado-amid-pandemic/ar-BB189QoK", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09219117039220845, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'porn': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhMv7Mb", "stitle": "G.H.O.S.T. has arrested 17 alleged child sex predators since March", "seg_title_stem": "G.H.O.S.T. have arrest 17 allege child sex predator since March", "seg_content": "FLINT , Mich. - The Genesee County Sheriff 's Office held a press conference today on the Genesee Human Oppression Strike Team arrests made since March 12th . During the press conference , the Sheriff named the 17 individuals arrested for various crimes involving alleged child sexual exploitation . One among the individuals was a firefighter in Burton . You can see more info in the video below : According to the Sheriff 's Office , all named individuals have been arraigned on charges . -LRB- THOSE NOT NAMED HAVE NOT YET BEEN ARRAIGNED ON CHARGES -RRB- Police also state that every individual was charged in some manor for allegedly attempting to meet up with a minor for sexual acts . Below is a list of the arrested featuring their age , job , and town they lived in : JOHN LINSNER - 43 - MAINTENCE WORKER - GRAND BLANC PONG LOR - 34 - ASSEMBLY WORKER - SHELBY TWP . RONALD BROOKS - 26 - UNEMPLOYED - FLINT THOMAS TRINKLINE - 34 - UNEMPLOYED - SAGINAW -LRB- POLICE SAY OVER 1,000 IMAGES AND VIDEOS OF CHILD SEX PORN WAS FOUND ON HIS PHONE -RRB- MATTHEW HYDE - 40 - FIRE FIGHTER - BURTON MICHAEL BEAUDOIN - 38 - UNEMPLOYED - HOWELL ERIK MIDDLEWOOD - 30 - MOBILE FOOD DELIVERY - OTISVILLE LONNIE ANDERSON-HENDRICK - 38 - UNEMPLOYED - LAPEER 24 - STORE CLERK - FLINT 25 - CONCRETE LABORER - FLINT 26 - SVSU STUDENT - SAGINAW 29 - ASSAULT LABORER - LENNON 26 - ROOFER - FLUSHING 38 - LABORER - FLINT 35 - CONSTRUCTION WORKER - BURTON 22 - CARE GIVER - OTISVILLE 53 - PAINTER - HOLLY", "url": "https://upnorthlive.com/news/local/genesee-county-sheriff-has-arrested-17-alleged-child-sex-predators-since-march", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000094175338745}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000094175338745}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.008277362729920084, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhMxAQT", "stitle": "Gowanda man admits to sex crime involving a child", "seg_title_stem": "Gowanda man admit to sex crime involve a child", "seg_content": "ERIE COUNTY , N.Y. -LRB- WIVB -RRB- -- A Gowanda man virtually pleaded guilty to one count of first-degree course of sexual conduct against a child before a Supreme Court Justice on Wednesday . The Erie County District Attorney 's Office says 39-year-old Kyle Spruce admitted he engaged in two or more acts of sexual conduct with a child somewhere in the southern portion of the county between August 2018 and May 2019 . Spruce remains held without bail and faces a maximum of 25 years in prison when sentenced . His sentencing is scheduled for Monday , October 5 , 2020 , at 9:30 a.m. . According to the DA 's Office , a no-contact order of protection was issued on behalf of the victim . Troy Licastro is a digital content producer who has been part of the News 4 team since 2018 . See more of his work here .", "url": "https://www.wivb.com/news/local-news/erie-county/gowanda-man-admits-to-sex-crime-involving-a-child/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.000009298324585}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.000009298324585}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11264058691791726, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhNZsby", "stitle": "Bright Eyes ' Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was Dances Through Grief and Love : Review", "seg_title_stem": "bright eye ' down in the weed , where the World once be Dances through grief and love : review", "seg_content": "The Lowdown : It 's been nearly 10 years since Bright Eyes released an album , and somehow everything and nothing has changed . Gone , this time for good -- as Conor Oberst once declared -- is the `` rootsy Americana bullshit '' that colored career-defining records like I 'm Wide Awake , It 's Morning . Sonically , the reunited trio 's newest work has one foot in the stylized hyper-production of their last album , The People 's Key , and another in the Gothic , orchestral sweep of Lifted or The Story Is in the Soil , Keep Your Ear to the Ground . Sure , some of the old emblems remain : the cryptic overture , the half-sentimental , half-ominous soundbites , Oberst 's brooding and beautiful lyrical histrionics . And yet , the album is n't an outright gloomy one . In the past decade , the members of Bright Eyes have grown up . Oberst turned 40 , lost a brother , married and separated , and recorded a number of wide-ranging side projects in between . Multi-instrumentalists Nathaniel Walcott and Mike Mogis both started families . For all its grim attention to personal and environmental apocalypses , Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was is somehow sanguine -- if bittersweet -- in both melody and meaning . The Good : Down in the Weeds is a big album : each song feels almost cosmic , and the record itself clocks in at just under an hour . The arrangements are vast and intricate , a blend of fin-de-siècle orchestral pomp , shimmering synthetic effects , `` tasteful slap bass '' from none other than Flea , who features on half the album , and a bumper crop of instruments , from hammer dulcimers to bagpipes to Marxophones . The album has a sort of Arcade Fire bravura , and Bright Eyes ' willingness to play with melody , tempo , and composition is largely thrilling . Take `` Forced Convalescence '' , which mixes Flea 's punchy bass line with bubbly piano before the rhythm dissociates into a delirious soundscape . Like a microcosm for the album -- and a nod to Oberst 's own trajectory -- the words follow the songwriter from quintessential early-Bright Eyes melancholia -LRB- `` What happens will be / Pain of my own making / Cut short by eternity '' -RRB- through an almost parodic rehabilitation -LRB- `` Now I 've recovered completely / Life is easy / Hula-hooping around the sun '' -RRB- until he is `` Overcome with love / Inter-dimensional , no obstacles / Mountains and dust . '' There 's a sense on this album that Oberst is awed by the everything-ness of existence , that he has moved past grief over life 's disappointments toward an attempt -- if not a readiness -- to accept them . But the best tracks on Down in the Weeds , for all their compositional density , are first and foremost propelled by melody . Songs like `` Mariana Trench '' , `` Persona non Grata '' , and `` Calais to Dover '' wield the album 's massive musical ambitions but do not run away with them . In one of the most poignant tracks , `` Stairwell Song '' , Oberst looks back on a withered relationship with both nostalgia and bitterness : `` Nothing changed / You just packed your things one day / Did n't bother to explain / What happened / You like cinematic endings . '' The instrumentation mirrors the emotional collapse , as Walcott and Mogis ' arrangement swells from pizzicato strings and crescendoing drums toward a swooning horn and string denouement that is as cinematic , sentimental , and heartbreaking as the song 's subject . The Bad : It is both a boon and bane that Down in the Weeds is so consistently adventurous in its sound . Each song has its own world of detail to offer , and yet , as parts of a whole , they tend to blend together into one resplendent but indistinct tapestry . At 14 tracks , the record runs a little long , sagging some in the latter half with more predictable set-pieces like `` Hot Car in the Sun '' . Listened to in one go , the album is an ocean of sound , swelling and sometimes overflowing , and it can be hard to tease out the album 's overarching motives . The Verdict : Down in the Weeds is still a Bright Eyes album , with its share of obsessiveness , narcissism , and angst . Many songs have their sights set on calamity , from climate disaster to Oberst 's failed marriage . And yet , there 's also a refreshing maturity , a perspective that seems a bit wiser , a bit less ready to revel in self-loathing . Bright Eyes shines , as they always have , when they can simultaneously hold dread and optimism , joy and sorrow , in the words and tenor of a song . They do this best on the record 's de facto opener and standout track , `` Dance and Sing '' : `` I 'll grieve / What I have lost / Forgive the firing squad / How imperfect life can be / Now all I can do / Is just dance on through . '' The song feels like the most natural connection between present-day Bright Eyes and Bright Eyes of years past -- behind a reverberating guitar and grand strings , a pedal steel and banjo lay buried like a relic -- but also the most surprising . In its finale , the orchestration collides with a garish choir that echoes the line , `` There was only love . '' That culmination -- from grief to love -- is what truly makes these Bright Eyes songs feel new . Essential Tracks : `` Dance and Sing '' , `` Mariana Trench '' , and `` Calais to Dover ''", "url": "https://consequenceofsound.net/2020/08/album-review-bright-eyes-down-in-the-weeds/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 0.9974054098129272}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05020894600314448, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhNovnA", "stitle": "Lockport woman facing child sex abuse charges", "seg_title_stem": "Lockport woman face child sex abuse charge", "seg_content": "NIAGARA COUNTY , N.Y. -LRB- WKBW -RRB- -- A Lockport woman is under arrest and facing child sex abuse charges . According to the Niagara County Sheriff 's Office , 27-year-old Malyssa Sue Spillman is facing two counts of Course of Sexual Conduct Against a Child 1st Degree . Spillman is accused of committing these offenses against a child on separate occasions in the Towns of Lockport and Newfane . She was arraigned at the Niagara County Jail under centralized arraignment . Bail was set at $ 2,000.00 .", "url": "https://www.wkbw.com/news/local-news/lockport-woman-facing-child-sex-abuse-charges", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0585554350293782, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhO1fYR", "stitle": "20 arrested in sex-offender compliance operation , more arrests expected", "seg_title_stem": "20 arrest in sex-offender compliance operation , more arrest expect", "seg_content": "LUBBOCK , Texas -LRB- KCBD -RRB- - A four-day sex offender compliance operation with federal , state and local law enforcement led to 20 arrests in Lubbock County . The operation started on Aug. 10 and lasted through Aug. 13 . Law enforcement personnel made contact with more than 450 registered sex offenders in Lubbock County to check their compliance with state laws . Approximately 40 investigations have been generated for sex offenders who were found to be non-compliant via the state of Texas as well as the U.S. Marshals Service . More arrests are expected as a result of this operation . The multi-agency enforcement included joint efforts by the United States Marshals Service - North Texas Fugitive Task Force , Lone Star Fugitive Task Force , Lubbock Police Department , Lubbock County Sheriff 's Office , the Criminal Investigations Division of Texas Department of Public Safety and Buffalo Springs Lake Police Department . Here is a list of those arrested : Ricky Flores - failure to comply Rueben Ortiz - failure to comply Wildafredo Rivera - failure to comply James Shannone - failure to comply Roy Lindal - failure to comply , police department warrant Tino Barros - failure to comply Isaac Rodriguez - failure to comply Cory Sandefur - failure to comply , arrested for FTC from Hutcherson Co warrant Carlos Flores - failure to comply Gustavo Jimenez - failure to comply Gorge Garcia - failure to comply , arrested for possession of marijuana Tom Ford - failure to comply Eddie Ontivarious - failure to comply Billy Samples - failure to comply and arrested for gun charge Jimmy Sifuentes - failure to comply Broderick Stevenson - failure to comply Aaron Pulley - failure to comply Christopher Ramos - felony warrant Robert Cortiaz - failure to comply Conrad Martinez - failure to comply", "url": "https://www.kcbd.com/2020/08/19/arrested-sex-offender-compliance-operation-more-arrests-expected/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0343089044714128, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhOFQEb", "stitle": "Recall issued for contaminated medical marijuana product", "seg_title_stem": "recall issue for contaminate medical marijuana product", "seg_content": "The Florida Department of Health has issued a recall for a medical marijuana product that may be contaminated with a mold that could cause health problems . The product is dispensed by Surterra Wellness , which has a dispensary in Port St. Lucie . Image provided by Getty ImagesThe Florida Department of Health 's Office of Medical Marijuana Use -LRB- OMMU -RRB- , announced that Alpha Foliage , Inc. , a medical marijuana dispensary which does business as Surterra Wellness , has recalled a marijuana product that may be contaminated with a harmful fungus.Surterra Wellness operates a dispensary at 7061 U.S. Highway 1 in Port St. Lucie.The product , called Granddaddy Purple Whole Flower , with a batch number of W-JUN20GDP02 , failed a testing value of aspergillus , according to the OMMU . The batch was distributed to patients in July of this year.According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- , aspergillosis is an infection caused by aspergillus , a common mold that lives indoors and outdoors . Most people breathe in aspergillus spores every day without getting sick . However , people with weakened immune systems or lung diseases are at a higher risk of developing health problems due to aspergillus.This product should not be consumed by qualified patients . Complications include allergic reactions , lung infections , and infections in other organs.The OMMU required Surterra Wellness to immediately recall all contaminated product and notify all patients and caregivers that received the product . The OMMU oversees the statewide Medical Marijuana Use Registry , and licenses Medical Marijuana Treatment Centers -LRB- MMTCs -RRB- to cultivate , process and dispense medical marijuana to qualified patients.For more information or to submit a complaint , please visit the OMMU website or send them an email . Get our free newsletter ddelivered every morning with straight facts on the top stories shaping the Treasure Coast .", "url": "https://knowherenews.com/event/AXQHj8bUgaWmPMqE-C2e?origin=rss", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9999606609344482}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9999606609344482}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7495823470474572, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhOHNKa", "stitle": "Sweet Reunion Between Olivia Newton-John , as She Battles Stage 4 Breast Cancer , With Her Daughter Will Make Your Day", "seg_title_stem": "sweet Reunion between Olivia Newton-John , as she battle stage 4 breast cancer , with she Daughter Will Make you day", "seg_content": "Olivia Newton-John & Daughter 's COVID-19 Friendly Reunion Olivia Newton-John 's daughter , Chloe , shares heartwarming video of their first hug after three months of being apart Newton-John has been battling stage 4 breast cancer since September 2018 Being immunocompromised , Newton-John is at higher risk of health complications if exposed to to the virus Not being able to see and hug your parent during COVID-19 can be hard , but when your parent is facing serious health issues , it 's even more difficult . Olivia Newton-John has been taking extra precautions to make sure she 's safe during the outbreak , and as a result , she has n't been able to see her daughter for a few months . However , in a sweet video , she and her daughter finally reunited after a lengthy separation . On Instagram , Newton-John 's daughter , Chloe Lattanzi , shared a video of she and her mother waving and running towards each other . Due to the pandemic , Lattanzi , who lives in Oregon , has n't been able to visit her mother 's California home in over three years to keep both of them safe . Judging from this video , they 're making up for lost time . Before embracing , Lattanzi purposely turns her body around so Newton-John holds her from the back as a way to make sure their faces are n't too close . Talk about a COVID-19 friendly reunion ! View this post on Instagram Finally reunited and it feels so good @therealonj A post shared by Chloe Lattanzi -LRB- @chloelattanziofficial -RRB- on Aug 18 , 2020 at 10:28 am PDT Making sure Newton-John is n't exposed to the virus is especially important , seeing as she 's currently undergoing treatment for stage 4 breast cancer . Due to being immunocompromised , contracting the virus could cause serious problems for her health . While their separate quarantines were necessary , it makes sense why this reunion was so special . Newton-John and her daughter are close , and Lattanzi has been one of her mom 's biggest support systems during her numerous brushes with breast cancer . Plus , Newton-John has been there for Lattanzi as well seeing as how she 's battled with substance abuse issues in the past . Clearly , they 're taking their on personal challenges together -- as a team . `` After going through a denial phase , I was angry that such a wonderful , kind , amazing , generous woman had to go through hell again , '' Lattanzi wrote in a 2018 column for Now To Love . `` It is terrifying and unfair , and it makes me mad that such a beautiful woman has to face this . But my mum has taught me the power of positive thinking and enjoying every moment . We both try to protect each other . Mum stays positive and I do my best to stay positive , too ... Mum and I have never been as close as we are today -- we 're both learning how to protect each other and how to talk about this without being scared . '' How Family Support Helps Cancer Patients Through Treatment After a cancer diagnosis , many survivors have said they were scared to share the news with family , but in the end , their support helped them push through treatment . Single mom Victoria Rego , who was diagnosed with triple-negative breast cancer , did n't know how to disclose her diagnosis with her teenage daughter but knew she needed to . It 's understandable that Victoria struggled with having the discussion with her daughter , since it 's often a mom 's natural instinct to protect them from information that can hurt them , but in the end , she used the opportunity to showcase what real strength represents . `` My biggest issues were telling my teenage daughter , '' Victoria tells SurvivorNet . `` That was probably the hardest thing because I 'm a single mom , and she had just lost her idol , her great grandmother , a few months before . So telling her that this was happening was just beyond my understanding of how I was going to do it , but I did it with the help of her father ... after everything was done , my daughter turned to me one day -LSB- and -RSB- she 's like ` I do n't think I ever told you how proud I am of you just because of your strength . I knew you were going to be OK . ' ''", "url": "https://www.survivornet.com/articles/sweet-reunion-between-olivia-newton-john-as-she-battles-stage-4-breast-cancer-with-her-daughter-will-make-your-day/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.992428183555603}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.992428183555603}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.006324840456542293, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhOJfx8", "stitle": "Erie to Welcome Second Medical Marijuana Dispensary", "seg_title_stem": "Erie to welcome Second Medical Marijuana Dispensary", "seg_content": "Through a Pittsburgh company in association with the University of Pittsburgh , a second medical marijuana dispensary is set to open in Erie -- on Pittsburgh Avenue . Allegheny County-based Goodblend Pennsylvania , LLC is planning to open the new dispensary just down the road from two-year-old RISE Erie Dispensary -LRB- 2108 W. Eighth -RRB- at 2178 W. 38th St. , the corner parcel that formerly hosted a Sun Your Buns tanning salon and Bowser Aluminum . It is expected to create the equivalent of 24 full-time jobs . Goodblend was recently approved as the eighth and final clinical registrant of Pennsylvania 's pioneering medical marijuana research program , the first of its kind in the nation . For approval , each clinical registrant was required to hold both a grower/processor permit and a dispensary permit , and seek a partnership with one of eight approved academic clinical research centers -- of these , the University of Pittsburgh was the last still looking for a date to the cannabi-ball . The program seeks to expand upon the ever-growing body of knowledge regarding cannabis and its therapeutic and healing properties -- so far , Pennsylvania has approved its use as treatment for 23 serious medical conditions . Since the institution of the state 's medical marijuana program in April of 2016 and first sales in February of 2018 , a total of 89 operational dispensaries have sold 16.5 million products worth $ 1.3 billion . In that same timespan , 25 grower/processors -LRB- including Erie 's Calypso Enterprises , LLC -RRB- have emerged , with the majority directly supplying in-state dispensaries . The other seven clinical registrants are as follows : Approved June 2019 PA Options for Wellness , Inc. , in association with the Penn State College of Medicine -LRB- Hershey -RRB- Agronomed Biologics , LLC , in association with the Drexel University College of Medicine -LRB- Philadelphia -RRB- MLH Explorations , LLC , in association with the Sidney Kimmel Medical College of Thomas Jefferson University -LRB- Philadelphia -RRB- Approved Feb. 2020 Laurel Harvest Labs , LLC , in association with the Lewis Katz School of Medicine at Temple University -LRB- Philadelphia -RRB- CannTech PA , LLC , in association with the Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine -LRB- Erie -RRB- Organic Remedies , Inc. , in association with the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine -LRB- Philadelphia -RRB- Curaleaf PA , LLC , in association with the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania -LRB- Philadelphia -RRB- To facilitate safer and timelier delivery of treatment during COVID-19 , Pennsylvania has provisionally relaxed some of its requirements regarding dispensary sales , including removing the cap on patient-per-caregiver limits , eliminating background checks for caregiver application renewals , allowing remote consultations in lieu of in-person consultations , and allowing a 90-day supply of medication to be dispensed at once . Matt Swanseger can be reached at mswanseger@eriereader.com", "url": "https://www.eriereader.com/article/erie-to-welcome-second-medical-marijuana-dispensary", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.999600350856781}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.999600350856781}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.033343954922747256, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1, 'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhOKSOM", "stitle": "Jim Belushi on the Pain of Brother John 's Death and His New Chapter as a Cannabis Farmer", "seg_title_stem": "Jim Belushi on the pain of Brother John 's death and he New Chapter as a Cannabis Farmer", "seg_content": "Before the debut of ` Growing Belushi , ' the former sitcom star reveals why he moved to Oregon to harvest the `` plant that heals '' and sheds new light on the `` trauma of his life . '' The tale of how Jim Belushi went from one of Hollywood 's top-earning actors -- at his peak , he was making $ 500,000 an episode on According to Jim , which ran for eight seasons on ABC -- to Southern Oregon pot farmer begins with a baptism . Shortly before the sitcom about a suburban Chicago dad wrapped in 2009 , Belushi visited a family friend who lived on the Rogue River , a spectacularly scenic waterway famed for its salmon runs . `` I went skinny-dipping in that river , '' recalls Belushi , 66 . Submerging himself naked in the Rogue 's pristine waters had a profoundly transformative effect on him . `` I came out going , ` You know what ? I think we should look for a place around here . ' '' Three years later , Belushi got his wish and purchased 15 acres of prime riverfront property in Eagle Point -- what previously was an Elks Club picnic grounds that had fallen into disrepair -- for the bargain price of $ 725,000 . There , he built himself a rustic cottage out of reclaimed wood and developed the property around it . He refurbished a stage on the grounds , where he and close friend `` Danny '' Aykroyd have performed for local charities as The Blues Brothers , the legendary music act co-founded by Belushi 's late brother John , who , just 33 at the time , succumbed to a fatal overdose in 1982 . -LRB- Jim has stepped in for John in the years since his brother 's death . -RRB- In 2014 , Belushi 's Oregon neighbor died , and suddenly 80 lush acres of prime farmland opened up , which he also bought . Thus arose the matter of what to grow . `` There 's a line between Napa and about 20 miles above me that 's a -LSB- latitudinal -RSB- parallel , '' Belushi says of the fertile region . `` They say that God on the seventh day dragged his hand along that parallel , all the way from Napa and Southern Oregon , through the groves and cornfields of Illinois , all the way to Bordeaux and Burgundy . That parallel just has the perfect sun , soil , temperatures and water . '' Belushi considered a variety of crops , everything from hay to soybeans . But on July 1 , 2015 , Measure 91 was signed into law , legalizing the nonmedical cultivation and use of marijuana in Oregon . The result was a green gold rush . These days , every billboard at the local airport near Medford is covered in something pot-related , and the aroma of weed permeates the roads . Belushi decided that year to grow his own cannabis crops and documented the entire , quixotic enterprise on film -- the results of which will air as Growing Belushi , a three-part Discovery documentary premiering Aug. 19 . Not being a pot smoker himself -- he had n't touched it since high school -- it caught his friends and family off guard . `` I could n't wrap my head around it at first , '' says Rob Lowe , 56 , a confidant since the two met on the set of the 1986 romantic comedy About Last Night , which Belushi credits with launching his film career . `` Jimmy is always looking for a new adventure . '' Five years later , Belushi has pivoted away from Hollywood to focus the majority of his time and energy on growing marijuana on Belushi 's Farm . `` I 've done it , '' he says of the L.A. lifestyle . `` I raised my kids there , went to all the premieres . I went to award shows . I 've been to Toscana 1,600 times . I have a grateful feeling for the life I had there -- I 'm just moving on to kind of a new reinvention . '' In August 2019 , he put the larger of his two Brentwood homes , a 14,300-square-foot Tuscan villa , on the market for $ 28 million . -LRB- It has n't sold yet . -RRB- As for acting , since According to Jim , Belushi has made it a habit of popping up only sporadically and in some unlikely places . Part of that may be a result of his reputation : The sitcom was not a happy set , according to several well-placed sources , who say Belushi indulged in control-freak behavior that increased as the show grew more valuable to ABC . `` I have high standards and a high work ethic . You could probably say I should have delivered the message differently , '' Belushi responds , adding that he personally called every writer and co-star Courtney Thorne-Sminith after production to `` make amends . I apologized for my brashness in delivering the message . '' *** Synonymous throughout the '80s and '90s with mainstream schlock like Red Heat -LRB- in which he played cop partner to Arnold Schwarzenegger -RRB- and K-9 -LRB- in which he played cop partner to Rando the German shepherd -RRB- , Belushi 's résumé has taken a turn in recent years . In 2017 , he played an alcoholic carousel operator in Woody Allen 's Wonder Wheel and a vengeful casino owner in David Lynch 's Twin Peaks : The Return . `` I saw him in a little offbeat movie years ago and I thought , ` Who is this guy ? He 's really good and if I ever have the right part he 'd be terrific , ' '' Allen writes in an email . `` And decades later I had the right part and remembered him -- and he was terrific . '' Before that , Roman Polanski cast him as a publishing executive in 2011 's The Ghost Writer . Belushi waves off any controversies surrounding his collaborations with Allen and Polanski -LRB- `` I 've been lucky enough to work with some incredible artists , '' is all he 'll say on the topic -RRB- and credits his career strategy to longtime ICM agent Eddy Yablans , who puts a premium on auteurs . `` Eddy wants me to do the David Lynch-type things . '' The life of a gentleman farmer -- particularly one growing a crop as temperamental as pot , where slight vagaries in sunlight and precipitation can reap devastating results -- can be hard . Early in his efforts , nine months of work were destroyed when Belushi sprayed rare Afghanese seedlings with a pesticide then left the lights on overnight in an indoor growhouse , burning the plants to death and costing him $ 400,000 in lost profits . So why , I ask . Why deal with all that hard work and frustration when Belushi , who enjoyed one of Hollywood 's most lucrative careers playing blue-collar Joes and extra-manly everymen , could just as easily kick up his feet and enjoy the Oregon sunsets while sipping on a mai tai ? `` What you just described takes about an hour and a half , '' Belushi explains . `` How long does it take to make a mai tai ? How long is the sunset ? How long can you put your feet up ? Come on , man . There are a lot of other hours in a day , and at this point in your life , you want purpose . '' But the question of why persists and has puzzled virtually everyone around him . `` You know what I think ? '' Lowe theorizes , not quite ready to accept that Belushi is done with show business . `` I think any time someone finds substance and fulfillment outside of showing up on a movie and TV set , people say , ` They 're done with Hollywood . ' But I think you can have both . '' *** More than just a grower of cannabis , Belushi has evolved into a passionate apostle of the plant , in particular its ability to help users cope with psychological trauma . He tells me the story of a homeless woman he saw screaming on the streets of Portland . `` I thought to myself , ` If I could just give her an edible , it may at least stop the screaming for her , ' '' he says . `` We 're all screaming from something -- whether it 's the loss of a big job , a divorce , some trauma , a severe illness in one 's family . Whether it 's my brother John , who died of a drug overdose . '' Thirty-eight years later , John 's death -- and the media feeding frenzy that ensued -- is no less vivid , no less horrific . It remains the defining trauma of Jim Belushi 's life . They had grown up very close in the Chicago suburbs , two of four children born to Albanian immigrants . Their father had worked his way up from valet parker to busboy to bartender and eventually opened a restaurant with his brother . `` You know the ` Cheeseburger , Cheeseburger ' place ? '' Belushi says , referring to one of John 's most popular Saturday Night Live characters . `` That was my dad 's place , the Olympia Lunch -- and he built it up all the way to a steakhouse . '' Jim was 16 when he first saw his brother perform at Second City , Chicago 's famed sketch-comedy launching pad . `` For the next eight years , all I wanted to do was perform at Second City because it was magic , '' says Belushi . `` I auditioned , and I got in , and I called John . I said , ` Hey , man , I just got into Second City ! ' There 's a long pause , and he goes , ` Uh ... I thought you were more like a drama guy ? ' '' John eventually accepted that Jim would follow in his footsteps and mostly left him to find his own way -- but would occasionally dole out some advice . -LRB- `` Stick around at the afterparties just long enough to say hi to the bosses , '' was one that always stuck with Jim . -RRB- Mostly , though , he helped Jim by `` showing the possibilities we could have in this little immigrant family , '' says Belushi . `` If it was n't for John , I would be serving dinner tonight at my dad 's restaurant . '' After John shot to stardom on SNL in 1975 with characters like Samurai Futaba , an ancient warrior who worked menial jobs , and the Olympia Diner sketch , he would return occasionally to Chicago a conquering comedy hero . On one of those trips , he took his 21-year-old brother with him to the local Russian baths . `` The steam 's coming through the pipes , and a guy comes up with a bucketful of soap and starts smacking me with a bunch of oak leaves , '' recalls Belushi . `` Then John puts me in a cold shower , and I 'm just standing there , naked . He takes some shampoo and washes my hair . That moment to me was like : ` This guy loves me . ' '' Later that night , the brothers went to a Sam Goody record shop : `` John talks to the manager , the manager calls his accountant , and the next thing you know , he says , ` You 've got 10 minutes to get every album you 've ever wanted . ' I got -LSB- Jimi Hendrix 's -RSB- Cry of Love . All The Doors . Keith Jarrett . ... I had a box to carry them out . '' But John could be competitive and territorial , too , something that increased as Jim started getting noticed by Hollywood . In 1979 , Jim made a splash in Sexual Perversity in Chicago , the David Mamet play that served as the inspiration for About Last Night . `` Don Simpson flies out , sees the play , takes me for a beer , and he goes , ` Yeah , they should make a movie out of this , ' '' Jim recalls of the Top Gun producer , who died in 1996 . A few weeks later , he got a call from John . '' ` Hey , Jimmy , ' he says . ` Don Simpson just sent this Sexual Perversity in Chicago script for me and Danny -LSB- Aykroyd -RSB- . It 's pretty good . ' I said , ` Do n't do it , John . ' He goes , ` What are you talking about ? ' I said , `` This is my character . I developed it . Leave it alone . ' John goes , ` Jimmy , you do n't understand Hollywood . They 're heat-seeking missiles . Danny and I are really hot right now , so we get everything . They 're not going to make it with you . If we pass , they 're going to offer it to Billy Murray . Would n't you rather have someone in your family play the role ? ' What a dick . '' The project was put into turnaround at Paramount but would be resuscitated six years later as a vehicle for Lowe and Demi Moore . Only after virtually every comic actor in Hollywood read for the part he had originated in the play -- Lowe 's oversexed best friend -- did the studio finally OK Jim , then 32 and best known for his own two-season stint on SNL . Recalls Lowe , `` John 's death was still recent and raw enough that it was clear that it was a subject that was not to be spoken about . '' SNL had been a dream for Jim since his early 20s , when he 'd drive down to New York City to bask in his brother 's success . That 's where he first met Captain Jack , a hippie adventurer who had earned the nickname `` The Smell of SNL '' around Studio 8H -LRB- Jack declines to give his last name -RRB- . `` I was always welcome backstage from the beginning of that show , '' says Jack , who , now in his early 70s , features prominently in Growing Belushi . -LRB- It 's his Gulzar Afghanica seedlings , from seeds purchased on a trip to Afghanistan , that Jim scorches in the first episode . -RRB- `` 30 Rockefeller Center stank like a skunk , '' Jack continues . `` Even -LSB- then-NBC chief -RSB- Fred Silverman up in the Rainbow Room had to tolerate those clouds . Everyone was so successful they could n't do anything wrong . '' As for Jim , Jack remembers him hanging around , `` but he was John 's younger brother -- and who talks to anybody 's younger brother ? '' John was a star middle linebacker on his high school football team , and Jim is certain he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy -LRB- CTE -RRB- , recalling the terrifying moment a teenaged John had a convulsive seizure in the family 's laundry room . He suspects John 's escalating drug use was an attempt at self-medicating and maintains that if his brother had stuck only to pot -- his death was the result of a speedball mixture of cocaine and heroin -- he 'd still be alive today . He also blames L.A. for his brother 's death . `` I do n't think John would have died in any other city , '' Jim says . `` There is a loneliness that can prevail in Los Angeles , coupled with the unbelievable accessibility of everything . '' Ask Belushi where he was when he learned of his brother 's death -- John famously died in the Chateau Marmont 's Bungalow No. 3 -- and he describes it as if it happened a few days ago . `` I was in the middle of a voice lesson at the Shubert Theatre in Chicago , '' he says . `` I was doing Pirates of Penzance , and a guy in the box office was listening to the radio , and he came backstage and told me he heard it , and I thought it was just some joke him and Danny -LSB- Aykroyd -RSB- were doing . I went to the box office , I called WBBM Radio , and the guy said , ` I 'm sorry , Jim . ' He read it from the AP report , and that 's how I found out . And then I went and did the show that night . '' John at that point had become the leader of the Belushi family . `` In our family , the most successful was the head , '' explains Jim . `` So it was like chopping the head off . It was like throwing a hand grenade into a family : The shrapnel hits everyone differently , rips us apart . And then to put the extra layer of notoriety around it just overwhelmed me . '' When Bob Woodward , of All the President 's Men fame , approached the family in the early 1980s to write what they thought would be a reverential account of John 's life and tragic death , they opened themselves up to the Washington Post journalist . The book , 1984 's Wired : The Short Life and Fast Times of John Belushi , offered nothing but a harrowing portrait of the superstar 's downward spiral . `` That was the true trauma of my life , the release of the articles on Wired to promote his book , '' remembers Jim . `` The betrayal -LSB- by Woodward , -RSB- the guy we thought was the white knight who brought Nixon down . He convinced us that there were conspiracies and people trying to kill John , all of this bullshit . '' Responds Woodward , 77 , `` I do describe John 's talents and skill and charm , but the drug use is so shocking and raw , that is what you remember from the book . I had to do my job as a reporter . It 's a horrifying story . And at the time and for many years later I got letters from people saying that the book saved their lives , because they were living Chapter 34 -- and in Chapter 40 , you die . '' *** Belushi insists that , unlike his brother , he was never much of a party boy . `` I never got high or drunk , '' he says . `` I did n't want anything getting in the way of my work . '' He still is n't a weed smoker , but he does partake of his product ; he likes to eat pot-infused chocolates containing 2.5 milligrams of active ingredient . `` Really lightweight . Most people take five because five is described as a ` warm hug . ' '' He enjoys a strain he calls Cherry Pie , which he refers to as `` the marriage counselor '' because it turns him into a sweetie pie . His wife since 1998 , Jennifer Sloan , likes it when he uses Cherry Pie ; she filed for divorce in 2018 , but the two have since reconciled . They raised two children together , daughter Jami , 21 , who studies drama at NYU , and son Jared , 18 , entering his final year at Crossroads School in Santa Monica . -LRB- Jim 's third child , from a previous marriage , Robert Belushi , 39 , is part-owner of Prime Pizza in L.A. -RRB- `` I ca n't go there , '' Belushi says of the state of things with Sloan , who spends the majority of her time in L.A. and runs a children 's boutique at the Brentwood Country Mart . `` As of this moment , we 're still together . '' His weed business , meanwhile , has found its footing . Legalization resulted in a glut of product early on , making it hard to sell , but that has since settled down . Belushi 's Farm produced 1,200 pounds of cannabis last year , a market value of $ 1.3 million . The name Belushi helps : Varietals like Blues Brothers , Belushi 's Secret Stash and Captain Jack have taken off in Oregon , and Belushi is negotiating to sell the product in the rest of the U.S. and Canada . But running costs and taxes are high , and a cheaper black market for pot continues to thrive . `` I spend about $ 500,000 in labor , '' Belushi says . `` There is another $ 350,000 in grow expenses , and then there is marketing and travel . If we can make a couple hundred thousand bucks , I 'd just give it out to everybody as a bonus . My goal is to break even . '' Before the novel coronavirus pandemic , Belushi spent two weeks of every month on the farm , the other two traveling with side projects like The Blues Brothers or Board of Comedy , his improv group . But COVID - 19 has forced him to hunker down at the farm for the past four months , son Jared by his side . `` Turned that Brentwood boy into a bit of a farmer , '' he chuckles , `` putting fence posts in , cleaning up the chicken coop . '' Belushi 's next goal is to open a pay-what-you-can dispensary in Portland 's Old Town district . `` So the homeless , the veterans , anyone can come in and buy a gram for 35 cents if that 's what they have . '' He 's also a founder of the Last Prisoner Project , a nonprofit that seeks to reverse the country 's roughly 40,000 cannabis-related incarcerations . There 's a scene in the second episode of Growing Belushi when Jim and his cousin and business partner Chris head down to Colombia in search of strains of weed recommended to them by Aykroyd . As he coasts by helicopter over the country 's lush jungles bordering Venezuela , the pilot tells him that he 's entered the Red Zone : Beneath them is the coca field where Pablo Escobar made his fortune soaked in the blood of tens of thousands of cartel-war victims . Peering down , Belushi can make out farmers tending to their leafy crops . `` I wonder if the cocaine that was involved in my brother 's death came from one of these fields , '' he muses , and it suddenly dawns on him that the trip to Colombia was an attempt to get closer to John . `` I wanted to get down in that coca field and pull it up from the roots and look at it in the eye and say , ` Stop hurting people and families , ' '' he says . `` If they could turn those fields into cannabis , those families could make their living farming , and they could make a plant that could heal people -- spiritually , physically , emotionally . '' Perhaps this is the answer to Belushi 's late-life rebirth . Pot as panacea . Mother Nature as family therapist . Or maybe it 's just a lot of fun . This story first appeared in the Aug. 19 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine . Click here to subscribe .", "url": "https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/features/jim-belushi-on-the-trauma-of-brother-johns-death-and-his-new-life-as-a-cannabis-farmer", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9934049248695374}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9934049248695374}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.055006498189190726, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhOLG0f", "stitle": "Boarding for Breast Cancer to Host 16th Annual Virtual Skate the Lake", "seg_title_stem": "board for breast cancer to Host 16th annual virtual skate the Lake", "seg_content": "SPONSOR August 18 , 2020 -- -LRB- Gardena , CA -RRB- Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 nonprofit foundation providing breast cancer education , prevention and survivor support programs for young people , announced they will be hosting their 16th annual Skate the Lake event VIRTUALLY today . Historically this beloved community event is a 28-mile skate bike roll around beautiful Lake Tahoe and the majestic Truckee River . Due to COVID-19 this year 's event will be 100 % VIRTUAL ! Let your local trail , path , or neighborhood serve as the setting for the push to fundraise and raise awareness for breast cancer prevention . Skate Bike Roll on August 29 in the spirit of Skate the Lake whether that is 28 miles , 7 miles or even just a few laps around your block ! B4BC welcomes people to join in the efforts of reaching their fundraising goal of $ 30K for their education , prevention , and survivorship programs by registering or donating USING THIS LINK Each participant is required to raise or donate a minimum of $ 25 to join in the fun , and registration prior to August 21st is encouraged to secure a special B4BC branded face covering and an entry to win a Yeti cooler . `` We are excited to be hosting the 16th Annual Skate the Lake VIRTUALLY for the first time this year , '' said Lisa Hudson , B4BC President and Co-Founder . Now people worldwide can participate in this awesome event , and get educated on breast cancer prevention while being active in their communities . '' Virtual participation will be celebrated and highlighted on @B4BC 's Instagram story through shared tags #push4b4bc and #skatethelake . There will be incredible partner prizes awarded to the top 3 fundraisers and lots of opportunities to win additional prizes with raffle tickets , spirit and T shirt contests and more . B4BC would like to thank all partners for making VIRTUAL Skate the Lake possible including : Yeti , Traeger Grills , Suja , Tahoe Longboards , The North Face , Pura Vida , North Lake Tahoe Resort Association , Blendtec , Go Pro , Vans , Smith , Gnu , Arbor Collective , VonZipper , Nikita , Dakine , and lodging Granlibakken Resort , The Village at Squaw , River Ranch Lodge , North Lake Tahoe Resort Association , and many more ! Check out our 2019 Skate the Lake video HERE to see what the magic of this event is all about ! Shareable social assets and event photos can be found HERE . REGISTER / MORE INFO : B4BC.ORG About B4BC : Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- is a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 non-profit organization that advocates early detection and a healthy , active , and conscious lifestyle as the best means of breast cancer prevention . Founded in 1996 , B4BC empowers young people to make positive choices that promote lifelong wellness through grassroots events , educational outreach , sustainability , and survivorship support programs .", "url": "https://shop-eat-surf.com/2020/08/boarding-for-breast-cancer-to-host-16th-annual-virtual-skate-the-lake/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1358060659023888, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'breastfeed': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhOgucm", "stitle": "Is COVID-19 transmitted through breast milk ? Study suggests not likely", "seg_title_stem": "be covid-19 transmit through breast milk ? study suggest not likely", "seg_content": "University of California - San Diego As the novel coronavirus continues to spread around the world , so do the concerns of breastfeeding mothers . Although there have been no documented cases to date of an infant contracting COVID-19 as a result of consuming infected breast milk , the critical question of whether there is potential for this form of transmission remains . In a recent study , researchers from University of California San Diego School of Medicine and University of California Los Angeles collaborated to find the answer . The study , published August 19 , 2020 in the online edition of JAMA , examined 64 samples of breast milk collected by the Mommy 's Milk Human Milk Research Biorepository from 18 women across the United States infected with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- . Although one sample tested positive for viral RNA , subsequent tests found that the virus was unable to replicate , and thus unable to cause infection in the breastfed infant . `` Detection of viral RNA does not equate to infection . It has to grow and multiply in order to be infectious and we did not find that in any of our samples , '' said Christina Chambers , PhD , MPH , co-principal investigator of the study , professor of pediatrics at UC San Diego School of Medicine , director of Mommy 's Milk Human Milk Research Biorepository and co-director of the UC San Diego Center for Better Beginnings . `` Our findings suggest breast milk itself is not likely a source of infection for the infant . '' The current recommendations to prevent transmission while breastfeeding are hand hygiene and sterilizing pumping equipment after each use . `` In the absence of data , some women infected with SARS-CoV-2 have chosen to just not breastfeed at all , '' said Grace Aldrovandi , MD , co-principal investigator of the study , chief of the Division of Infectious Diseases at UCLA Mattel Children 's Hospital and a professor of pediatrics in the David Geffen School of Medicine at UC Los Angeles . `` We hope our results and future studies will give women the reassurance needed for them to breastfeed . Human milk provides invaluable benefits to mom and baby . '' Early breastfeeding is associated with a reduced risk of sudden infant death syndrome and obesity in children , as well as improved immune health and performance on intelligence tests . In mothers , breastfeeding has been associated with lower risks for breast and ovarian cancer , cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes . The researchers also mimicked conditions of the Holder pasteurization process commonly used in human donor milk banks by adding SARS-CoV-2 to breast milk samples from two different donors who were not infected . The samples were heated to 62.5 °C for 30 minutes and then cooled to 4 °C . Following pasteurization , infectious virus was not detected in either sample . `` This is a very positive finding for donor milk , which so many infants , especially those born premature , rely on , '' said Chambers . `` Our findings fill in some important gaps , but more studies are needed with larger sample sizes to confirm these findings . '' Chambers said future work will not only look at whether breast milk is free of the virus , but also whether it contains active antiviral components . For example , antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 that women may produce after exposure to the virus and then transfer to their infants through breast milk , protecting them from COVID-19 . ### Co-authors include : Kerri Bertrand and Lars Bode , University of California San Diego ; Paul Krogstad , Deisy Contreras , and Nicole Tobin , University of California Los Angeles . Disclaimer : AAAS and EurekAlert ! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert ! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system .", "url": "https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2020-08/uoc--ict081920.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000097751617432}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000097751617432}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11919193703489683, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhPALFW", "stitle": "Williamsport mother accused of forcing her three young children to smoke marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "Williamsport mother accuse of force she three young child to smoke marijuana", "seg_content": "WILLIAMSPORT -- A mother in Lycoming County has been charged after her 8-year-son told authorities she made him and his siblings , ages 7 and 11 , smoke marijuana . Rebecca Renea Rittman , 31 , of Williamsport , is facing a Sept. 2 preliminary hearing on charges of endangering the welfare of children , corruption of minors , possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia . According to the arrest affidavit , the children were around drugs between July 26 and Aug. 2 in a home in Cogan Station north of Williamsport where Rittman was temporarily staying . The 8-year-old told Old Lycoming Twp . police his mother smokes marijuana from a homemade device on a coffee table that she hides when a caseworker from Children and Youth Services visits . The boy is alleged to have told an investigator that he smokes marijuana `` out of mommy 's g-station . Mom makes me do it . I do n't like it . '' He also indicated his older brother and younger sister also smoke marijuana at the home . `` We all puke after smoking -LSB- marijuana -RSB- , '' the 8-year-old is quoted in the affidavit . `` Mom tells us puking is a good thing . '' During the execution of a search warrant at the Cogan Station house , police said they discovered a homemade water pong in the living room and other drug paraphernalia including two small smoking devices containing burnt residue . When interviewed by police and children and youth , according to the affidavit , Rittman said that she tries to keep her kids out of the room when she smokes marijuana and tells them to leave if come in . The 8-year-old has walked in on her smoking and he knows what is going on . The children were removed from the house for safety reasons and on Aug. 4 Rittman provided a backpack containing clothes for her daughter , police said . As the girl was removing items from the backpack a white silicone container fell out with `` come trip with us '' written on it , they said . Inside was a small amount of marijuana , they said . Rittman initially lied about the source of the marijuana but the following day admitted she was the one who packed the backpack , the affidavit states . Rittman , who is free on $ 50,000 unsecured bail , admitted also smoking marijuana in the bedroom of her Williamsport home , the document states . Court records show last November she was placed on six months ' probation on a drug paraphernalia charge . Thanks for visiting PennLive . Quality local journalism has never been more important . We need your support . Not a subscriber yet ? Please consider supporting our work .", "url": "https://www.pennlive.com/news/2020/08/williamsport-mother-accused-of-forcing-her-three-young-children-to-smoke-marijuana.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000033378601074}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000033378601074}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.19261755589599325, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhPDq44", "stitle": "The Best Cannabis Cocktails to Enjoy This Summer", "seg_title_stem": "the best cannabis cocktail to enjoy this summer", "seg_content": "Anyone in the alcohol business knows that one can not mix cannabis -LRB- neither CBD or THC -RRB- with alcohol , legally , at least not professionally . But as amateurs we can do what we want to in the safety of our own homes . That said , proceed with caution . Artet Cannabis Aperitif View this post on Instagram Sip something with substance this weekend . If you 're asking , we recommend the Rosemary Jane : tart , savory , sparkling . ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ~ ~ ~ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ Artet -LRB- one serving -RRB- ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ Ruby grapefruit juice ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ Rosemary simple syrup ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ Sparkling water A post shared by Artet -LRB- @drinkartet -RRB- on Aug 7 , 2020 at 3:26 pm PDT `` Artet is born from the idea that cannabis is the perfect aperitif , '' says Artet co-founder Maxwell Spohler , 25 . `` Capable of opening the mind , mood , and palate . '' Labeled as an `` infused Italian style beverage '' Artet is alcohol free , so it is immune to the licensing requirements needed for ethyl alcohol . `` Artet 's identity combines the rituals of French and Italian cocktail culture with the sociability of cannabis culture , '' Spohler says . `` We drew a lot of inspiration from the aperitif lifestyle celebrated in Campari and Martini posters from the 1930s and the idea of bringing people together over good food , good conversation , and most importantly good drinks . '' Deriving its bitter taste from gentian Artet serves as a great substitution for Campari or amaro in cocktails , but only in the amateur realm . Make no mistake , Artet is a THC product and not a CBD one . There is definitely a psychoactive effect . Artet contains 2.5 mg of THC per serving and the bottle comes with a convenient dosing cap reminiscent of Prohibition era medicinal whiskeys . Currently ONA is the only Marin retailer of Artet , and only delivers to the greater San Rafael area . A 750ml bottle is $ 55 . Order online , by phone , or by text message . 415-909-0382 Kikoko View this post on Instagram Pinkies up , we 're celebrating mom all month long with the mother of all Kikoko canna-cocktails -- -- The Madre It 's a bouquet of earthy goodness mixed with the soothing benefits of Sympa-Tea 's low-dose , feel-good , healthful nature . Click through the link in our profile to get the recipe ... A post shared by Kikoko -LRB- @kikoko_hq -RRB- on May 16 , 2020 at 9:10 am PDT Kikoko offers cannabis tea deliveries free on orders of $ 100 or more . Online ordering for delivery only . Their website lists a recipe for a `` Mellow Mule : '' 4 ounces Kikoko Sypmpa-Tea -LRB- turmeric and ginger -RRB- , 4 ounces of ginger beer and a squeeze of lime juice . Remember you can always add a shot of vodka or use alcoholic ginger beer at your own home if you want to . Sympa-Tea is $ 8 for a single pouch , $ 24 for four pouches , and $ 56 for 10 . 3mg THC/20mg CBD per serving . Some assembly is required . Other flavors and other recipes are also available . Nice Guys Delivery Nice Guys Delivery offers a selection of Cann `` social '' tonics : grapefruit rosemary , blood orange cardamom and lemon lavender . Gee , we wonder what you could mix tonic with ? Whatever it is we bet it is delicious . Cann 's tonics are low calorie and include organic agave nectar , organic lemon juice , natural lavender flavor , and of course , cannabis extract . 2mgTHC/4mgCBD per serving . $ 7 each or $ 30 for a six pack . 415.855.5914 Viv & Oak View this post on Instagram If you are in the mood for a quick & simple Friday mixer , look no further . Here is our incredibly easy but also incredibly delicious and refreshing `` Scarlett Spritzer '' What you will need 1 bottle of Shimmering Scarlett -LRB- CBD or THC -RRB- 1 litre of Sprite x2 limes Ice To garnish : lime wheel How to make it -- In a pitcher , fill to the top with ice -- Fill halfway with Shimmering Scarlett , then top up with sprite -- Slice limes into wheels , add to pitcher -LRB- leave some left over for the glasses -RRB- -- Stir gently , pour & serve , garnished with lime wheel on each glass ! Makes approx . 5 servings THC 10mg per 5oz pour CBD 20mg per 5oz pour Do you have a Spritzer recipe you 'd like to share with us ? Snap a photo and tag us ! @viv_oak A post shared by Viv & Oak -LRB- @viv_oak -RRB- on Aug 7 , 2020 at 9:08 am PDT If you 're a fan of marijuana but do n't mix well with alcohol , then this `` wine '' is for you . De-alcoholized California grapes are used to produce these beverages that are then infused with premium cannabis . Offered in various blends of THC and CBD , Viv & Oak wines are low in calories and carry little risk of going overboard as with certain edibles that hit like a brick wall hours later . This is due to the company 's `` nano-encapsulation '' process that speeds up the effect of the cannabis , which you can feel after 10 to 15 minutes . A 750ml bottle is $ 35 . Online ordering is available through Mission Cannabis Club . 415.970.9333 The 2020 Drink Category was sponsored by Bon Air . How to Help During COVID-19 There are so many deserving nonprofits that need your help right now . For more organizations to support , check out the nonprofits here or GoFundMe , where they 're matching donations on Giving Tuesday Now for select charities . Jeff Burkhart is the Barfly columnist for the Marin IJ , the author of Twenty Years Behind Bars : The Spirited Adventures of a Real Bartender , Vol . I and II , the host of the Barfly Podcast on iTunes and an award-winning bartender at a local restaurant . Follow him at jeffburkhart.net and contact him at jeffbarfly@live.com .", "url": "https://marinmagazine.com/explore/best-of-the-county/the-best-cannabis-cocktails-to-enjoy-this-summer/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.9991748332977295}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_FoodDrink": 0.9991748332977295}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.027485660814812095, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'lingerie': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'lingerie': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhPFrsN", "stitle": "L Brands reports surprise profit on demand for soaps , lingerie", "seg_title_stem": "L Brands report surprise profit on demand for soap , lingerie", "seg_content": "-LRB- Reuters -RRB- - L Brands Inc on Wednesday reported a surprise quarterly profit boosted by strong demand for Bath & Body Works ' sanitizers and soaps , as well as higher online sales of Victoria 's Secret lingerie during coronavirus-led lockdowns . The pandemic-fuelled temporary store closures , which have pushed many retailers into bankruptcy , led to 850 jobs cuts at L Brand 's home office and permanent closing of some Victoria 's Secret stores , after a stake sale in the unit fell apart . The company 's direct channel , which includes its online store that remained open throughout the quarter , proved to be a bright spot as customers flocked to shop virtually . That helped comparable sales for Bath & Body Works surge 123 % , while that for Victoria 's Secret rise 28 % . Overall comparable sales rose 63 % for L Brands , crushing the average analyst estimate of an 18 % fall , according to IBES data from Refinitiv . `` Q2 2020 was much stronger than expected ... The key question for management will be whether the company will be able to maintain this strength through holiday , '' Bernstein analyst Jamie Merriman said . With the busy holiday season soon approaching , L Brands said it was testing ideas to spread its holiday merchandise to a broader time period , and to introduce some merchandise into the current quarter . It also forecast `` meaningful expense pressure '' due to higher store costs that include payroll and supplies , due to social distancing protocols , wage rate inflation and higher shipping costs . Excluding one-time items , the company earned 25 cents per share in the quarter ended Aug. 1 , compared with the expectation of a 42 cents loss . Net sales fell about 20 % to $ 2.32 billion , but were above Wall Street estimates of $ 2.21 billion . Shares of the Columbus , Ohio-based company were up 4 % in extended trading . -LRB- Reporting by Nivedita Balu in Bengaluru ; Editing by Shinjini Ganguli -RRB-", "url": "https://wkzo.com/news/articles/2020/aug/19/bath-body-works-parent-reports-63-surge-in-same-store-sales/1050661/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.41522874381402414, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {'nudity': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhPZFdH", "stitle": "Roblox `` condo game '' hack exposes kids to nudity , graphic sex acts", "seg_title_stem": "Roblox `` condo game '' hack expose kid to nudity , graphic sex act", "seg_content": "Popular gaming platform Roblox is under scrutiny over so-called `` condo games '' that could expose young users to naked figures , simulated sex and crude language . Operators of Roblox say the platform , which enables people to program their own games and play games created by others , is used by at least half of American kids under age 16 . `` Condo videos are basically , um , they 're like the dark side of Roblox , '' 19-year-old user Dylan Lemus-Olson told CBS News consumer investigative correspondent Anna Werner . Lemus-Olson goes by `` Dazzely '' on Roblox . In his YouTube channel videos , he looks at `` condo games '' or `` condo videos , '' which he called the `` bad side '' of the platform . He claims many of these videos had been removed from YouTube , with copyright infringement listed as the reason . Roblox is often played on a smartphone , tablet or laptop , and enables kids to create themselves as virtual characters and explore different environments , pretend they are superheroes , raise pets and even invent their own games . Some of these games , according to an article published in Fast Company , are written in computer code that bypasses Roblox 's child safety filters . That results in `` condo videos '' -- images of naked characters who simulate sex acts and use crude language in accompanying online chats . `` Roblox has made a world where kids can build whatever they want and with condo games , what they want is to be much more grown-up than I think anyone imagines they would try , '' Fast Company Editor at Large Burt Helm said . Helm had been looking into `` condo games '' for several months . He compared them to a house party `` where the parents are out of town . '' `` But the most shocking thing is that you see characters that are naked , and you see that kids have coded ways for these characters to have sex , '' he said . Aside from that , Helm said he found some users even going as far as trying to get kids to start separate , private conversations with them on a different app . `` And you do n't know if someone is actually an adult pretending to be a child or with very bad intentions , '' he said . Roblox declined an on-camera interview request but said it has `` no tolerance for inappropriate content or behavior '' . The company said it has `` a stringent safety system in place , '' including monitoring content created by users , acting quickly on reports of inappropriate content and continually evolving its defense systems . However , `` condo games '' may not be where the issues end : Louisiana mom Deranda Bordelon said she was playing a regular Roblox game called `` Adopt Me ! '' with her 8-year-old daughter when someone grabbed the mother 's character and took it to bed to simulate a sex act . `` She snatched me back up , and now she 's doin ' stuff to me , '' Bordelon said in a video recording of the incident . Bordelon recounted the incident to CBS News . `` All of a sudden she brought me to this other room and took her clothes off and was asking me to take my clothes off and just all kind of , you know , adult stuff that should n't be for kids , '' she said . `` It 's not appropriate for kids . I 'm very disappointed in the game , '' her fiance Jason Handley added . The game platform said it is investigating Bordelon 's report . The developers of `` Adopt Me ! '' said they take the safety of players seriously and adhere to Roblox 's set of stringent safety protocols , and pledge to take swift action against any player who breaks the rules . Roblox did not comment on Lemus-Olson 's video removals but says it reports any suspected child exploitation to authorities .", "url": "https://www.ktsa.com/roblox-condo-game-hack-exposes-kids-to-nudity-graphic-sex-acts/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000081062316895}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000081062316895}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.28279068835327187, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhPqoDp", "stitle": "Jake Butt says he was tempted to quit during latest comeback", "seg_title_stem": "Jake Butt say he be tempt to quit during latest comeback", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Jake Butt is equal parts unfortunate and unflappable . In three seasons with the Denver Broncos , the star-crossed tight end from Michigan has played in as many games -LRB- three -RRB- as he 's had major knee surgeries , each of which required a clean-up procedure . So , that 's six operations to go with his eight career catches for 85 yards . Yet , in a talented tight end corps that features 2019 first-rounder Noah Fant , rookie Albert Okwuegbunam , free agent Nick Vannett and veterans Troy Fumagalli and Andrew Beck , it 's Butt who 's been turning heads at training camp so far . Just months after contemplating walking away from football , Butt has drawn high praise from his head coach and his quarterback this week with Drew Lock declaring , `` There 's nobody in our locker room that does n't want to see Jake Butt succeed . '' Butt appreciates the sentiment but wants to put his health issues behind him . `` Man , it means a lot quite honestly , '' Butt said Wednesday after another spectacular practice . `` Guys have seen what I 've been through and if you 've been through an ACL you know how hard one is . When you go through three , it means a lot to get that recognition from your comrades , your teachers , your coaches . But for me , I 'm healthy . It 's part of my story but I 'm out there , I 'm out there playing ball , I 'm not looking back . I do n't have any excuses . '' Butt first tore an ACL during spring drills his sophomore season at Michigan and he tore the other one in his final game for the Wolverines , in the Orange Bowl . The Broncos drafted him three months later but he spent his rookie year on IR . In 2018 , he played in three games before suffering a third torn ACL , and last year his comeback was interrupted by yet another operation to clean out a torn meniscus . He hoped to return for the final month in 2019 but Lock got the activation nod instead after recovering from a thumb injury . Butt has spent more of his pro career in the training room than he has on the football field . `` You 're still part of the team but you also feel miles away , '' Butt said . `` I would say honestly that 's probably the hardest part about rehab is it can get a little bit lonely and that 's where you start to build yourself up mentally . And throughout all three of my ACLs I think I 've come out of the rehab more mentally tough than I was going into it . '' Yet , Butt acknowledged there were some dark days during his latest comeback that made him seriously contemplate walking away from football . `` There were a lot of days I really wanted to quit , '' Butt said . `` There was a lot of days I was really down on myself , questioning myself , questioning why I 'm even doing this kind of thing ? And for me it 's my support group , my teammates , my friends and maybe just a little bit of craziness that I 've had implanted from my parents and my family growing up that you ca n't quit and just show up tomorrow . `` I 'm really happy I stuck with it because I do feel really , really good out there , '' Butt added . `` I feel like I can still play in this league and I can contribute , I can even get much better than I am right now . So , I think that 's a lesson that I 've definitely learned through this that everybody can learn is that bad days are going to come , tough days are going to come , but you ca n't quit , you 've just got to keep showing up . '' Notes : Four players were absent from practice Wednesday , including Fant , who was sick . Fangio made a point of saying , `` not COVID sick , but normal sick , that 's what he 's got . '' ... Also out were OLB Bradley Chubb -LRB- rest -RRB- , CB Davonte Harris -LRB- bruised knee -RRB- and Vannett -LRB- concussion -RRB- . ___ Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter : http://twitter.com/arniestapleton ___ More AP NFL : https://apnews.com/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL", "url": "https://durangoherald.com/articles/335866-jake-butt-says-he-was-tempted-to-quit-during-latest-comeback", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.6815695206624854, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhPvChI", "stitle": "CONVICTED SEX OFFENDER ARRESTED AGAIN IN CROSSVILLE", "seg_title_stem": "convict SEX OFFENDER ARRESTED AGAIN in CROSSVILLE", "seg_content": "A convicted sex offender found himself in jail again following an incident yesterday in Crossville . Police responded to Green Acres Cemetery in reference to a possible stolen vehicle . While searching they came upon on a different automobile parked where the suspected car was supposed to be . A check of an individual at the scene , 29-year-old Willie Ashton Dyal of Crossville , revealed an active warrant for violation of the sex offender registry and two other outstanding warrants . Dyal was taken to jail and later released on bond . Court records show Dyal was arrested last year and again earlier this year for violations of the registry .", "url": "http://1057news.com/2020/08/19/14/20/30/convicted-sex-offender-arrested-again-in-crossville/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8964024340788515, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'gender-neutral': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhPvSZg", "stitle": "Same-Sex Penguin Couple Become Parents After Adopting Egg", "seg_title_stem": "Same-Sex Penguin couple become parent after adopt egg", "seg_content": "Female penguins Electra and Viola have become parents after adopting a baby penguin . At the Oceanografic Aquarium in Valencia , Spain , these two female penguins adopted an egg from another couple and incubated it themselves . The gender of the baby penguin is not yet known as a blood test can not be completed until the penguin is at least six weeks old . UNILAD explains that the couple 's baby is one of the three chicks `` to have been born into the colony of 25 gentoo penguins this breeding season '' . However , it is the only one in the aquarium with homosexual parents . The same-sex couple had begun showing typical penguin behaviours prior to reproduction . Staff at the aquarium had given a fertile egg to Electra and Viola after they had seen them start to build a nest out of stones . UNILAD has explained that the aquarium 's bird-keeper Carlos Barros has said that ` they put two eggs each inside , obviously without knowing they were not fertile , so we put one of the eggs from a different couple into their nest so that they could take care of it ' . Electra and Viola are not the first homosexual couple to raise a baby . Daily Mail reported that homosexuality is common in penguins and there have been other cases in zoos and aquariums where same-sex couples have raised chicks . Like Electra and Viola , male penguins Skipper and Ping had adopted and raised an egg at Berlin Zoo last year . However , unlike Electra and Viola 's egg , this one had been abandoned by its birth mother . What is more , the penguin seen in the above image had been adopted by two female penguins in London 's Sea Life Centre last year and is now `` being raised as gender-neutral by its keepers '' .", "url": "https://iheartintelligence.com/same-sex-penguin-couple-become-parents-after-adopting-egg/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000096559524536}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Travel": 0.5546857118606567, "Lifestyle_PetsAnimals": 1.0000096559524536}, "third_cat": {"Lifestyle_Travel_Other": 0.5546857118606567, "Lifestyle_PetsAnimals_Wildlife": 1.0000096559524536}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7478324192995894, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQ7IEs", "stitle": "Larsa Pippen Sizzles In Figure-Hugging Yellow Shorts & A Crop Top", "seg_title_stem": "Larsa Pippen Sizzles in Figure-Hugging Yellow Shorts & A Crop Top", "seg_content": "Reality television star Larsa Pippen tantalized her 2 million Instagram followers with her latest post , a stunning share in which she rocked a matching yellow set that showcased her bombshell body . She stood in front of a plain white wall that allowed the bright hue of her ensemble to take center stage . A wooden door with black hardware was positioned to her left , continuing the neutral theme of the space . Larsa 's top was crafted from what looked like a very thin knitted material with ribbed detailing . The straight neckline stretched across her chest , showing off a tantalizing hint of cleavage , and thin straps stretched over her shoulders . The fabric stretched across her ample assets , and ended several inches below her breasts with a ribbed hem . She paired the crop top with matching shorts crafted from the same fabric . The shirts were high-waisted , with the ribbed waistband settling right at Larsa 's natural waist . The fabric draped over her curvaceous hips and thighs , ending several inches down her legs . The pale yellow hue looked stunning against Larsa 's bronzed skin . View this post on Instagram Who you gon na love if u run by me , yeah ???? A post shared by Larsa Pippen -LRB- @larsapippen -RRB- on Aug 19 , 2020 at 12:14 pm PDT She had one hip cocked slightly to the side in a way that accentuated her hourglass shape . The photo was cropped just above her knees , so not all of her legs were visible in the frame , but there was still plenty for her fans to admire . She kept her accessories simple , allowing her outfit and tempting curves to be the focal point . She wore a pair of subtle earrings , as well as a gold bangle bracelet and a silver chain bracelet on one wrist . Her long locks were parted in the middle , and they cascaded down her back in a sleek style . She gazed at the camera with a neutral expression , and had one hand resting on her thigh . Her followers could n't get enough of the smoking-hot update , and the post received over 2,800 likes within 40 minutes . It also earned 57 comments from her audience in the same brief time span . `` The outfit , very summery , '' one fan wrote , followed by two flame emoji , praising Larsa 's sunny ensemble . `` I love this set , '' another follower remarked . `` My heart belongs to you , '' a third fan added . `` You beauty , '' yet another commented , including a heart emoji and heart eyes emoji in his remark . Larsa seems to be favoring the summery hue lately . Earlier this week , as The Inquisitr reported , she shared an update in which she rocked a figure-hugging dress in a golden yellow shade . The garment clung to every inch of her curves , highlighting her bombshell body as she perched on the edge of her bed .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6233750/larsa-pippen-sizzles-yellow-shorts/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.25296065575484805, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQBiJv", "stitle": "Jake Butt says he was tempted to quit during latest comeback", "seg_title_stem": "Jake Butt say he be tempt to quit during latest comeback", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Jake Butt is equal parts unfortunate and unflappable . In three seasons with the Denver Broncos , the star-crossed tight end from Michigan has played in as many games -LRB- three -RRB- as he 's had major knee surgeries , each of which required a clean-up procedure . So , that 's six operations to go with his eight career catches for 85 yards . Yet , in a talented tight end corps that features 2019 first-rounder Noah Fant , rookie Albert Okwuegbunam , free agent Nick Vannett and veterans Troy Fumagalli and Andrew Beck , it 's Butt who 's been turning heads at training camp so far . Just months after contemplating walking away from football , Butt has drawn high praise from his head coach and his quarterback this week with Drew Lock declaring , `` There 's nobody in our locker room that does n't want to see Jake Butt succeed . '' Butt appreciates the sentiment but wants to put his health issues behind him . `` Man , it means a lot quite honestly , '' Butt said Wednesday after another spectacular practice . `` Guys have seen what I 've been through and if you 've been through an ACL you know how hard one is . When you go through three , it means a lot to get that recognition from your comrades , your teachers , your coaches . But for me , I 'm healthy . It 's part of my story but I 'm out there , I 'm out there playing ball , I 'm not looking back . I do n't have any excuses . '' Butt first tore an ACL during spring drills his sophomore season at Michigan and he tore the other one in his final game for the Wolverines , in the Orange Bowl . The Broncos drafted him three months later but he spent his rookie year on IR . In 2018 , he played in three games before suffering a third torn ACL , and last year his comeback was interrupted by yet another operation to clean out a torn meniscus . He hoped to return for the final month in 2019 but Lock got the activation nod instead after recovering from a thumb injury . Butt has spent more of his pro career in the training room than he has on the football field . `` You 're still part of the team but you also feel miles away , '' Butt said . `` I would say honestly that 's probably the hardest part about rehab is it can get a little bit lonely and that 's where you start to build yourself up mentally . And throughout all three of my ACLs I think I 've come out of the rehab more mentally tough than I was going into it . '' Yet , Butt acknowledged there were some dark days during his latest comeback that made him seriously contemplate walking away from football . `` There were a lot of days I really wanted to quit , '' Butt said . `` There was a lot of days I was really down on myself , questioning myself , questioning why I 'm even doing this kind of thing ? And for me it 's my support group , my teammates , my friends and maybe just a little bit of craziness that I 've had implanted from my parents and my family growing up that you ca n't quit and just show up tomorrow . `` I 'm really happy I stuck with it because I do feel really , really good out there , '' Butt added . `` I feel like I can still play in this league and I can contribute , I can even get much better than I am right now . So , I think that 's a lesson that I 've definitely learned through this that everybody can learn is that bad days are going to come , tough days are going to come , but you ca n't quit , you 've just got to keep showing up . '' Notes : Four players were absent from practice Wednesday , including Fant , who was sick . Fangio made a point of saying , `` not COVID sick , but normal sick , that 's what he 's got . '' ... Also out were OLB Bradley Chubb -LRB- rest -RRB- , CB Davonte Harris -LRB- bruised knee -RRB- and Vannett -LRB- concussion -RRB- . ___ Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter : http://twitter.com/arniestapleton ___ More AP NFL : https://apnews.com/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL", "url": "https://kvia.com/sports/2020/08/19/jake-butt-says-he-was-tempted-to-quit-during-latest-comeback/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2283141804973325, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQCKIO", "stitle": "Jake Butt says he was tempted to quit during latest comeback", "seg_title_stem": "Jake Butt say he be tempt to quit during latest comeback", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Jake Butt is equal parts unfortunate and unflappable . In three seasons with the Denver Broncos , the star-crossed tight end from Michigan has played in as many games -LRB- three -RRB- as he 's had major knee surgeries , each of which required a clean-up procedure . So , that 's six operations to go with his eight career catches for 85 yards . Yet , in a talented tight end corps that features 2019 first-rounder Noah Fant , rookie Albert Okwuegbunam , free agent Nick Vannett and veterans Troy Fumagalli and Andrew Beck , it 's Butt who 's been turning heads at training camp so far . Just months after contemplating walking away from football , Butt has drawn high praise from his head coach and his quarterback this week with Drew Lock declaring , `` There 's nobody in our locker room that does n't want to see Jake Butt succeed . '' Butt appreciates the sentiment but wants to put his health issues behind him . `` Man , it means a lot quite honestly , '' Butt said Wednesday after another spectacular practice . `` Guys have seen what I 've been through and if you 've been through an ACL you know how hard one is . When you go through three , it means a lot to get that recognition from your comrades , your teachers , your coaches . But for me , I 'm healthy . It 's part of my story but I 'm out there , I 'm out there playing ball , I 'm not looking back . I do n't have any excuses . '' Butt first tore an ACL during spring drills his sophomore season at Michigan and he tore the other one in his final game for the Wolverines , in the Orange Bowl . The Broncos drafted him three months later but he spent his rookie year on IR . In 2018 , he played in three games before suffering a third torn ACL , and last year his comeback was interrupted by yet another operation to clean out a torn meniscus . He hoped to return for the final month in 2019 but Lock got the activation nod instead after recovering from a thumb injury . Butt has spent more of his pro career in the training room than he has on the football field . `` You 're still part of the team but you also feel miles away , '' Butt said . `` I would say honestly that 's probably the hardest part about rehab is it can get a little bit lonely and that 's where you start to build yourself up mentally . And throughout all three of my ACLs I think I 've come out of the rehab more mentally tough than I was going into it . '' Yet , Butt acknowledged there were some dark days during his latest comeback that made him seriously contemplate walking away from football . `` There were a lot of days I really wanted to quit , '' Butt said . `` There was a lot of days I was really down on myself , questioning myself , questioning why I 'm even doing this kind of thing ? And for me it 's my support group , my teammates , my friends and maybe just a little bit of craziness that I 've had implanted from my parents and my family growing up that you ca n't quit and just show up tomorrow . `` I 'm really happy I stuck with it because I do feel really , really good out there , '' Butt added . `` I feel like I can still play in this league and I can contribute , I can even get much better than I am right now . So , I think that 's a lesson that I 've definitely learned through this that everybody can learn is that bad days are going to come , tough days are going to come , but you ca n't quit , you 've just got to keep showing up . '' Notes : Four players were absent from practice Wednesday , including Fant , who was sick . Fangio made a point of saying , `` not COVID sick , but normal sick , that 's what he 's got . '' ... Also out were OLB Bradley Chubb -LRB- rest -RRB- , CB Davonte Harris -LRB- bruised knee -RRB- and Vannett -LRB- concussion -RRB- . ___ Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter : http://twitter.com/arniestapleton ___ More AP NFL : https://apnews.com/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL", "url": "http://oklahoman.com/article/feed/10086967/jake-butt-says-he-was-tempted-to-quit-during-latest-comeback", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2393518646897855, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQG47B", "stitle": "Broncos tight end Jake Butt wo n't let ACL injuries stop his drive to perform", "seg_title_stem": "bronco tight end Jake Butt will not let acl injury stop he drive to perform", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -LRB- KDVR -RRB- -- When it comes to the tight end group with the Broncos , it starts with Noah Fant . The former Iowa Hawkeye only has two years of NFL experience under his belt , but he 's the leader of this group . In 2019 , Fant ended the season with 40 receptions for 562 yards and zero touchdowns . This offseason , the Broncos added a little veteran flavor with Nick Vannett who caught 17 passes for 166 yards playing for both the Steelers and Seahawks in 2019 . From that point , there is rookie Albert Okwuegbunam who has shown flashes of positivity . However , there is probably no one in that tight end room as special as Jake Butt . The Michigan product has torn his ACL three different times as he enters his fourth year in the NFL , but it has n't broken his spirit . `` There were a lot of days I wanted to quit . There were a lot of days I was really down on myself , questioning myself . Questioning , ` Why am I even doing this kind of thing ? ' For me , it was my support group , my teammates , my friends , and maybe just a little bit of craziness I have had instilled in me from my family growing up , '' Butt said . Three ACL tears . . and a whole lot of inspiration coming from @broncos tight end @JakeButtTE . It might be the craziness instilled in him , or the book Coach Landow suggested called `` Chop Wood , Carry Water '' that keeps this guy going , but Jake is ready to make this team . pic.twitter.com/de2GZI9poF -- Taylor Brooks -LRB- @TaylorBrooksTV -RRB- August 19 , 2020 Butt has only played in three NFL games since he began his professional career , but despite that , he does n't look back , only ahead . `` I think that is a lesson learned through this and that everyone can learn is that bad days are going to come , tough days are going to come , but you ca n't quit . You have to keep showing up . -LRB- Broncos conditioning coach Loren -RRB- Landow says , ` Chop wood and carry water . ' It 's a book he gave to us and it 's been my mindset through this where it 's the little things you have to keep doing , '' said Butt . Whether it 's that book or the people in his corner , Jake Butt has gotten through it and now he 's feeling 100 % . `` I am feeling pretty good right now , feeling solid , and you guys see me out there running around without a knee brace , so I feel good , '' he said . Without the preseason , Jake Butt and a lot of other guys will have to continue proving themselves on the practice field . The team did announce they will practice at Mile High Stadium on Saturday , Aug. 29 , to go through game-day procedures .", "url": "https://kdvr.com/news/broncos-tight-end-jake-butt-wont-let-acl-injuries-stop-his-drive-to-perform/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.29155528448803625, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQHBkA", "stitle": "Jake Butt says he was tempted to quit during latest comeback", "seg_title_stem": "Jake Butt say he be tempt to quit during latest comeback", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Jake Butt is equal parts unfortunate and unflappable . In three seasons with the Denver Broncos , the star-crossed tight end from Michigan has played in as many games -LRB- three -RRB- as he 's had major knee surgeries , each of which required a clean-up procedure . So , that 's six operations to go with his eight career catches for 85 yards . Yet , in a talented tight end corps that features 2019 first-rounder Noah Fant , rookie Albert Okwuegbunam , free agent Nick Vannett and veterans Troy Fumagalli and Andrew Beck , it 's Butt who 's been turning heads at training camp so far . Just months after contemplating walking away from football , Butt has drawn high praise from his head coach and his quarterback this week with Drew Lock declaring , `` There 's nobody in our locker room that does n't want to see Jake Butt succeed . '' Butt appreciates the sentiment but wants to put his health issues behind him . `` Man , it means a lot quite honestly , '' Butt said Wednesday after another spectacular practice . `` Guys have seen what I 've been through and if you 've been through an ACL you know how hard one is . When you go through three , it means a lot to get that recognition from your comrades , your teachers , your coaches . But for me , I 'm healthy . It 's part of my story but I 'm out there , I 'm out there playing ball , I 'm not looking back . I do n't have any excuses . '' Butt first tore an ACL during spring drills his sophomore season at Michigan and he tore the other one in his final game for the Wolverines , in the Orange Bowl . The Broncos drafted him three months later but he spent his rookie year on IR . In 2018 , he played in three games before suffering a third torn ACL , and last year his comeback was interrupted by yet another operation to clean out a torn meniscus . He hoped to return for the final month in 2019 but Lock got the activation nod instead after recovering from a thumb injury . Butt has spent more of his pro career in the training room than he has on the football field . `` You 're still part of the team but you also feel miles away , '' Butt said . `` I would say honestly that 's probably the hardest part about rehab is it can get a little bit lonely and that 's where you start to build yourself up mentally . And throughout all three of my ACLs I think I 've come out of the rehab more mentally tough than I was going into it . '' Yet , Butt acknowledged there were some dark days during his latest comeback that made him seriously contemplate walking away from football . `` There were a lot of days I really wanted to quit , '' Butt said . `` There was a lot of days I was really down on myself , questioning myself , questioning why I 'm even doing this kind of thing ? And for me it 's my support group , my teammates , my friends and maybe just a little bit of craziness that I 've had implanted from my parents and my family growing up that you ca n't quit and just show up tomorrow . `` I 'm really happy I stuck with it because I do feel really , really good out there , '' Butt added . `` I feel like I can still play in this league and I can contribute , I can even get much better than I am right now . So , I think that 's a lesson that I 've definitely learned through this that everybody can learn is that bad days are going to come , tough days are going to come , but you ca n't quit , you 've just got to keep showing up . '' Notes : Four players were absent from practice Wednesday , including Fant , who was sick . Fangio made a point of saying , `` not COVID sick , but normal sick , that 's what he 's got . '' ... Also out were OLB Bradley Chubb -LRB- rest -RRB- , CB Davonte Harris -LRB- bruised knee -RRB- and Vannett -LRB- concussion -RRB- . ___ Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter : http://twitter.com/arniestapleton ___ More AP NFL : https://apnews.com/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL", "url": "https://the-journal.com/articles/185172-jake-butt-says-he-was-tempted-to-quit-during-latest-comeback", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.32918347887048127, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQKwgK", "stitle": "Albert Lea auto dealer sentenced for asking customers for sex", "seg_title_stem": "Albert Lea auto dealer sentence for ask customer for sex", "seg_content": "ALBERT LEA , Minn. -- A car dealer who asked customers for sex in exchange for assistance is sentenced . Timothy Brian Mann , 45 , of Mann Motors in Albert Lea pleaded guilty to prostitution and attempted 5th degree criminal sexual conduct . He was accused of asking two female customers for sex , one in exchange for help with late car payments and the other for license plates to her vehicle . Albert Lea police say both victims recorded their conversations with Mann . On Wednesday , Mann was given 60 days in jail and two years of supervised probation . He was also ordered to pay $ 2,400 in fines .", "url": "https://www.kimt.com/content/news/Albert-Lea-auto-dealer-sentenced-for-asking-customers-for-sex-572163521.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03108769840018606, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQS8DZ", "stitle": "` Growing Belushi ' follows the comedian 's cannabis farm | How to watch , livestream , TV channel , time", "seg_title_stem": "` grow Belushi ' follow the comedian 's cannabis farm | how to watch , livestream , tv channel , time", "seg_content": "Growing Belushi | Cannabis 101 with Jim Belushi : The Science of Marijuana What are the three elements of cannabis ? Let Professor James Belushi break it down for you . Do n't miss the series premiere of #GrowingBelushi tonight at 10p ! Posted by Discovery on Wednesday , August 19 , 2020 Follow comedian , actor , former SNL star and now legal cannabis farmer Jim Belushi on his farm in southern Oregon in the new series Growing Belushi , which begins tonight , Aug. 19 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT on Discovery . You can also stream it on FuboTV . The series follows Belushi , an outspoken advocate for the medical benefits of cannabis , and a ragtag team of farmers as they navigate the challenges of running a farm in the newly legalized cannabis industry . Note to fans of vintage SNL : Look for guest appearances by Dan Aykroyd and The Blues Brothers . Belushi started his farm in 2015 with just 48 plants ; today it encompasses 93 acres along the Rogue River and cultivates a range of brands , from Belushi 's Secret Stash to Captain Jack 's Gulzar Afghanica , a rare strain from the Hindu Kush region that was known in the '70s as `` the smell of SNL . '' `` This is much more than a business for me . I 've seen the positive impact that cannabis has had in treating people from around the world , '' Belushi said in a statement . `` Everything grows in Growing Belushi . The cannabis , the business , the family . And especially me . We almost called it Growing Pains ! '' `` We are always looking for a show that takes you by surprise and this one did -- it 's fun and funny and has a lot of heart . I think people will see Jim Belushi in a whole new way after watching , '' Nancy Daniels , Chief Brand Officer , said in a statement . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Growing Belushi if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more .", "url": "https://www.silive.com/entertainment/2020/08/growing-belushi-follows-the-comedians-cannabis-farm-how-to-watch-livestream-tv-channel-time.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000051259994507}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000051259994507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09982962691047542, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQX9Ub", "stitle": "Pair Accused of Machete Attack on Attempted Sex Battery Suspect at Hialeah Motel", "seg_title_stem": "pair Accused of Machete Attack on Attempted sex battery suspect at Hialeah Motel", "seg_content": "Two men are accused of attacking an attempted sexual battery suspect with a machete at a Hialeah motel , and now all three are facing serious charges . The incident unfolded Tuesday at the Palacio Inn Motel at 845 East Okeechobee Road , arrest reports said . According to the reports , 33-year-old Bryant Placid Hernandez had gone to the motel where he arranged to pay a woman in exchange for sex . Hernandez went to the woman 's room where they smoked crack , before he removed his clothing and started negotiating for a lower price , the reports said . When the woman refused to have sex with him for the lower price and told him to leave , Hernandez became aggressive and punched her numerous times , the reports said . He then grabbed her by her hair and dragged her to a dresser , then hit her on the head with a dresser drawer , causing a large contusion on her forehead , the reports said . Hernandez tried to sexually assault the woman but she was able to get away and started screaming for help , the reports said . He grabbed her again then threw her to the floor and got on top of her , and told her she was going to die , the reports said . The woman was able to get away again and ran out of the motel room , and encountered 43-year-old Jules Dalge in the parking lot , police said . According to the reports , Dalge grabbed Hernandez and dragged him out of the hotel room . Surveillance footage showed them outside the room when they were approached by the third man , 56-year-old Jimmie Dean Span , who wheeled up to them in his wheelchair while holding a machete , the reports said . Span swung the machete and hit Hernandez , who tried to get into his car but was pursued by Dalge , who hit Hernandez in the back with the machete , the reports said . Span then grabbed the machete and started to stab and slash Hernandez numerous times , the reports said . When officers arrived , they found several puddles of blood in the parking lot . Hernandez was covered in blood , while Span was also covered in blood and had blood on his wheelchair , the reports said . Hernandez was charged with attempted sexual battery , false imprisonment , armed robbery , burglary with assault or battery . Dalge and Span were both charged with attempted second-degree murder with a deadly weapon and armed burglary with assault or battery . All three were booked into jail , and attorney information was n't available .", "url": "https://www.nbcmiami.com/news/local/pair-accused-of-machete-attack-on-attempted-sex-battery-suspect-at-hialeah-motel/2280211/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03092682585488234, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQXNlW", "stitle": "` Growing Belushi ' follows the comedian 's cannabis farm | How to watch , livestream , TV channel , time", "seg_title_stem": "` grow Belushi ' follow the comedian 's cannabis farm | how to watch , livestream , tv channel , time", "seg_content": "Growing Belushi | Cannabis 101 with Jim Belushi : The Science of Marijuana What are the three elements of cannabis ? Let Professor James Belushi break it down for you . Do n't miss the series premiere of #GrowingBelushi tonight at 10p ! Posted by Discovery on Wednesday , August 19 , 2020 Follow comedian , actor , former SNL star and now legal cannabis farmer Jim Belushi on his farm in southern Oregon in the new series Growing Belushi , which begins tonight , Aug. 19 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT on Discovery . You can also stream it on FuboTV . The series follows Belushi , an outspoken advocate for the medical benefits of cannabis , and a ragtag team of farmers as they navigate the challenges of running a farm in the newly legalized cannabis industry . Note to fans of vintage SNL : Look for guest appearances by Dan Aykroyd and The Blues Brothers . Belushi started his farm in 2015 with just 48 plants ; today it encompasses 93 acres along the Rogue River and cultivates a range of brands , from Belushi 's Secret Stash to Captain Jack 's Gulzar Afghanica , a rare strain from the Hindu Kush region that was known in the '70s as `` the smell of SNL . '' `` This is much more than a business for me . I 've seen the positive impact that cannabis has had in treating people from around the world , '' Belushi said in a statement . `` Everything grows in Growing Belushi . The cannabis , the business , the family . And especially me . We almost called it Growing Pains ! '' `` We are always looking for a show that takes you by surprise and this one did -- it 's fun and funny and has a lot of heart . I think people will see Jim Belushi in a whole new way after watching , '' Nancy Daniels , Chief Brand Officer , said in a statement . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Growing Belushi if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more .", "url": "https://www.syracuse.com/tv/2020/08/growing-belushi-follows-the-comedians-cannabis-farm-how-to-watch-livestream-tv-channel-time.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000051259994507}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000051259994507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04066867011587719, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQZ6m0", "stitle": "` Growing Belushi ' follows the comedian 's cannabis farm | How to watch , livestream , TV channel , time", "seg_title_stem": "` grow Belushi ' follow the comedian 's cannabis farm | how to watch , livestream , tv channel , time", "seg_content": "Growing Belushi | Cannabis 101 with Jim Belushi : The Science of Marijuana What are the three elements of cannabis ? Let Professor James Belushi break it down for you . Do n't miss the series premiere of #GrowingBelushi tonight at 10p ! Posted by Discovery on Wednesday , August 19 , 2020 Follow comedian , actor , former SNL star and now legal cannabis farmer Jim Belushi on his farm in southern Oregon in the new series Growing Belushi , which begins tonight , Aug. 19 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT on Discovery . You can also stream it on FuboTV . The series follows Belushi , an outspoken advocate for the medical benefits of cannabis , and a ragtag team of farmers as they navigate the challenges of running a farm in the newly legalized cannabis industry . Note to fans of vintage SNL : Look for guest appearances by Dan Aykroyd and The Blues Brothers . Belushi started his farm in 2015 with just 48 plants ; today it encompasses 93 acres along the Rogue River and cultivates a range of brands , from Belushi 's Secret Stash to Captain Jack 's Gulzar Afghanica , a rare strain from the Hindu Kush region that was known in the '70s as `` the smell of SNL . '' `` This is much more than a business for me . I 've seen the positive impact that cannabis has had in treating people from around the world , '' Belushi said in a statement . `` Everything grows in Growing Belushi . The cannabis , the business , the family . And especially me . We almost called it Growing Pains ! '' `` We are always looking for a show that takes you by surprise and this one did -- it 's fun and funny and has a lot of heart . I think people will see Jim Belushi in a whole new way after watching , '' Nancy Daniels , Chief Brand Officer , said in a statement . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Growing Belushi if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more .", "url": "https://www.oregonlive.com/tv/2020/08/growing-belushi-follows-the-comedians-cannabis-farm-how-to-watch-livestream-tv-channel-time.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000051259994507}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000051259994507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03108769840018606, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQcLJp", "stitle": "` Growing Belushi ' follows the comedian 's cannabis farm | How to watch , livestream , TV channel , time", "seg_title_stem": "` grow Belushi ' follow the comedian 's cannabis farm | how to watch , livestream , tv channel , time", "seg_content": "Growing Belushi | Cannabis 101 with Jim Belushi : The Science of Marijuana What are the three elements of cannabis ? Let Professor James Belushi break it down for you . Do n't miss the series premiere of #GrowingBelushi tonight at 10p ! Posted by Discovery on Wednesday , August 19 , 2020 Follow comedian , actor , former SNL star and now legal cannabis farmer Jim Belushi on his farm in southern Oregon in the new series Growing Belushi , which begins tonight , Aug. 19 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT on Discovery . You can also stream it on FuboTV . The series follows Belushi , an outspoken advocate for the medical benefits of cannabis , and a ragtag team of farmers as they navigate the challenges of running a farm in the newly legalized cannabis industry . Note to fans of vintage SNL : Look for guest appearances by Dan Aykroyd and The Blues Brothers . Belushi started his farm in 2015 with just 48 plants ; today it encompasses 93 acres along the Rogue River and cultivates a range of brands , from Belushi 's Secret Stash to Captain Jack 's Gulzar Afghanica , a rare strain from the Hindu Kush region that was known in the '70s as `` the smell of SNL . '' `` This is much more than a business for me . I 've seen the positive impact that cannabis has had in treating people from around the world , '' Belushi said in a statement . `` Everything grows in Growing Belushi . The cannabis , the business , the family . And especially me . We almost called it Growing Pains ! '' `` We are always looking for a show that takes you by surprise and this one did -- it 's fun and funny and has a lot of heart . I think people will see Jim Belushi in a whole new way after watching , '' Nancy Daniels , Chief Brand Officer , said in a statement . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Growing Belushi if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more .", "url": "https://www.al.com/life/2020/08/growing-belushi-follows-the-comedians-cannabis-farm-how-to-watch-livestream-tv-channel-time.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000051259994507}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000051259994507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.028893400237498406, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQd70h", "stitle": "` Growing Belushi ' follows the comedian 's cannabis farm | How to watch , livestream , TV channel , time", "seg_title_stem": "` grow Belushi ' follow the comedian 's cannabis farm | how to watch , livestream , tv channel , time", "seg_content": "Growing Belushi | Cannabis 101 with Jim Belushi : The Science of Marijuana What are the three elements of cannabis ? Let Professor James Belushi break it down for you . Do n't miss the series premiere of #GrowingBelushi tonight at 10p ! Posted by Discovery on Wednesday , August 19 , 2020 Follow comedian , actor , former SNL star and now legal cannabis farmer Jim Belushi on his farm in southern Oregon in the new series Growing Belushi , which begins tonight , Aug. 19 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT on Discovery . You can also stream it on FuboTV . The series follows Belushi , an outspoken advocate for the medical benefits of cannabis , and a ragtag team of farmers as they navigate the challenges of running a farm in the newly legalized cannabis industry . Note to fans of vintage SNL : Look for guest appearances by Dan Aykroyd and The Blues Brothers . Belushi started his farm in 2015 with just 48 plants ; today it encompasses 93 acres along the Rogue River and cultivates a range of brands , from Belushi 's Secret Stash to Captain Jack 's Gulzar Afghanica , a rare strain from the Hindu Kush region that was known in the '70s as `` the smell of SNL . '' `` This is much more than a business for me . I 've seen the positive impact that cannabis has had in treating people from around the world , '' Belushi said in a statement . `` Everything grows in Growing Belushi . The cannabis , the business , the family . And especially me . We almost called it Growing Pains ! '' `` We are always looking for a show that takes you by surprise and this one did -- it 's fun and funny and has a lot of heart . I think people will see Jim Belushi in a whole new way after watching , '' Nancy Daniels , Chief Brand Officer , said in a statement . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Growing Belushi if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more .", "url": "https://www.cleveland.com/entertainment/2020/08/growing-belushi-follows-the-comedians-cannabis-farm-how-to-watch-livestream-tv-channel-time.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000051259994507}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000051259994507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.28279068835327187, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQdxNs", "stitle": "Jake Butt says he was tempted to quit during latest comeback", "seg_title_stem": "Jake Butt say he be tempt to quit during latest comeback", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Jake Butt is equal parts unfortunate and unflappable . In three seasons with the Denver Broncos , the star-crossed tight end from Michigan has played in as many games -LRB- three -RRB- as he 's had major knee surgeries , each of which required a clean-up procedure . So , that 's six operations to go with his eight career catches for 85 yards . Yet , in a talented tight end corps that features 2019 first-rounder Noah Fant , rookie Albert Okwuegbunam , free agent Nick Vannett and veterans Troy Fumagalli and Andrew Beck , it 's Butt who 's been turning heads at training camp so far . Just months after contemplating walking away from football , Butt has drawn high praise from his head coach and his quarterback this week with Drew Lock declaring , `` There 's nobody in our locker room that does n't want to see Jake Butt succeed . '' Butt appreciates the sentiment but wants to put his health issues behind him . `` Man , it means a lot quite honestly , '' Butt said Wednesday after another spectacular practice . `` Guys have seen what I 've been through and if you 've been through an ACL you know how hard one is . When you go through three , it means a lot to get that recognition from your comrades , your teachers , your coaches . But for me , I 'm healthy . It 's part of my story but I 'm out there , I 'm out there playing ball , I 'm not looking back . I do n't have any excuses . '' Butt first tore an ACL during spring drills his sophomore season at Michigan and he tore the other one in his final game for the Wolverines , in the Orange Bowl . The Broncos drafted him three months later but he spent his rookie year on IR . In 2018 , he played in three games before suffering a third torn ACL , and last year his comeback was interrupted by yet another operation to clean out a torn meniscus . He hoped to return for the final month in 2019 but Lock got the activation nod instead after recovering from a thumb injury . Butt has spent more of his pro career in the training room than he has on the football field . `` You 're still part of the team but you also feel miles away , '' Butt said . `` I would say honestly that 's probably the hardest part about rehab is it can get a little bit lonely and that 's where you start to build yourself up mentally . And throughout all three of my ACLs I think I 've come out of the rehab more mentally tough than I was going into it . '' Yet , Butt acknowledged there were some dark days during his latest comeback that made him seriously contemplate walking away from football . `` There were a lot of days I really wanted to quit , '' Butt said . `` There was a lot of days I was really down on myself , questioning myself , questioning why I 'm even doing this kind of thing ? And for me it 's my support group , my teammates , my friends and maybe just a little bit of craziness that I 've had implanted from my parents and my family growing up that you ca n't quit and just show up tomorrow . `` I 'm really happy I stuck with it because I do feel really , really good out there , '' Butt added . `` I feel like I can still play in this league and I can contribute , I can even get much better than I am right now . So , I think that 's a lesson that I 've definitely learned through this that everybody can learn is that bad days are going to come , tough days are going to come , but you ca n't quit , you 've just got to keep showing up . '' Notes : Four players were absent from practice Wednesday , including Fant , who was sick . Fangio made a point of saying , `` not COVID sick , but normal sick , that 's what he 's got . '' ... Also out were OLB Bradley Chubb -LRB- rest -RRB- , CB Davonte Harris -LRB- bruised knee -RRB- and Vannett -LRB- concussion -RRB- . ___ Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter : http://twitter.com/arniestapleton ___ More AP NFL : https://apnews.com/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL", "url": "https://pinerivertimes.com/articles/143397-jake-butt-says-he-was-tempted-to-quit-during-latest-comeback", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.03108769840018606, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQfBNw", "stitle": "` Growing Belushi ' follows the comedian 's cannabis farm | How to watch , livestream , TV channel , time", "seg_title_stem": "` grow Belushi ' follow the comedian 's cannabis farm | how to watch , livestream , tv channel , time", "seg_content": "Growing Belushi | Cannabis 101 with Jim Belushi : The Science of Marijuana What are the three elements of cannabis ? Let Professor James Belushi break it down for you . Do n't miss the series premiere of #GrowingBelushi tonight at 10p ! Posted by Discovery on Wednesday , August 19 , 2020 Follow comedian , actor , former SNL star and now legal cannabis farmer Jim Belushi on his farm in southern Oregon in the new series Growing Belushi , which begins tonight , Aug. 19 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT on Discovery . You can also stream it on FuboTV . The series follows Belushi , an outspoken advocate for the medical benefits of cannabis , and a ragtag team of farmers as they navigate the challenges of running a farm in the newly legalized cannabis industry . Note to fans of vintage SNL : Look for guest appearances by Dan Aykroyd and The Blues Brothers . Belushi started his farm in 2015 with just 48 plants ; today it encompasses 93 acres along the Rogue River and cultivates a range of brands , from Belushi 's Secret Stash to Captain Jack 's Gulzar Afghanica , a rare strain from the Hindu Kush region that was known in the '70s as `` the smell of SNL . '' `` This is much more than a business for me . I 've seen the positive impact that cannabis has had in treating people from around the world , '' Belushi said in a statement . `` Everything grows in Growing Belushi . The cannabis , the business , the family . And especially me . We almost called it Growing Pains ! '' `` We are always looking for a show that takes you by surprise and this one did -- it 's fun and funny and has a lot of heart . I think people will see Jim Belushi in a whole new way after watching , '' Nancy Daniels , Chief Brand Officer , said in a statement . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Growing Belushi if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more .", "url": "https://www.masslive.com/tv/2020/08/growing-belushi-follows-the-comedians-cannabis-farm-how-to-watch-livestream-tv-channel-time.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000051259994507}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000051259994507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04803379358069163, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhQwFJH", "stitle": "` Growing Belushi ' follows the comedian 's cannabis farm | How to watch , livestream , TV channel , time", "seg_title_stem": "` grow Belushi ' follow the comedian 's cannabis farm | how to watch , livestream , tv channel , time", "seg_content": "Growing Belushi | Cannabis 101 with Jim Belushi : The Science of Marijuana What are the three elements of cannabis ? Let Professor James Belushi break it down for you . Do n't miss the series premiere of #GrowingBelushi tonight at 10p ! Posted by Discovery on Wednesday , August 19 , 2020 Follow comedian , actor , former SNL star and now legal cannabis farmer Jim Belushi on his farm in southern Oregon in the new series Growing Belushi , which begins tonight , Aug. 19 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT on Discovery . You can also stream it on FuboTV . The series follows Belushi , an outspoken advocate for the medical benefits of cannabis , and a ragtag team of farmers as they navigate the challenges of running a farm in the newly legalized cannabis industry . Note to fans of vintage SNL : Look for guest appearances by Dan Aykroyd and The Blues Brothers . Belushi started his farm in 2015 with just 48 plants ; today it encompasses 93 acres along the Rogue River and cultivates a range of brands , from Belushi 's Secret Stash to Captain Jack 's Gulzar Afghanica , a rare strain from the Hindu Kush region that was known in the '70s as `` the smell of SNL . '' `` This is much more than a business for me . I 've seen the positive impact that cannabis has had in treating people from around the world , '' Belushi said in a statement . `` Everything grows in Growing Belushi . The cannabis , the business , the family . And especially me . We almost called it Growing Pains ! '' `` We are always looking for a show that takes you by surprise and this one did -- it 's fun and funny and has a lot of heart . I think people will see Jim Belushi in a whole new way after watching , '' Nancy Daniels , Chief Brand Officer , said in a statement . What channel is Discovery on ? You can find which channel Discovery is on by using the channel finders here : Verizon Fios , AT&T U-verse , Comcast Xfinity , Spectrum/Charter , Optimum/Altice , DIRECTV and Dish . Where can I watch Growing Belushi if I do n't have cable ? Fans can live stream it on FuboTV -LRB- 7-day free trial , then $ 59.99 / month -RRB- . FuboTV is a streaming service that offers access to your favorite TV shows , live sports events and much more .", "url": "https://www.pennlive.com/life/2020/08/growing-belushi-follows-the-comedians-cannabis-farm-how-to-watch-livestream-tv-channel-time.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000051259994507}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000051259994507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06692981633159766, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhRBvY9", "stitle": "Breakthrough for law enforcement to rapidly distinguish hemp vs. controlled marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "breakthrough for law enforcement to rapidly distinguish hemp vs. controlled marijuana", "seg_content": "Purdue University WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind. -- As hemp-based products experience heightened popularity among consumers , leading forensic scientists collaborate to solve a growing problem for law enforcement , hemp farmers , private citizens and overburdened national labs . Hemp Synergistics , LLC , a biotechnology company dedicated to transform the way consumers use hemp-derived cannabinoid-based formulations , has formed a partnership with leading forensic scientists at Purdue University Northwest 's newly formed Center for Crime , Forensics , and Security Analysis . After a year of research , development , and testing , the teams have developed a new THC Rapid Field Test Kit that gives law enforcement an easy-to-use tool to distinguish hemp from marijuana in less than five minutes . `` Our partnership with Purdue University Northwest will provide law enforcement with the tools they need to protect the civil liberties of private citizens and hemp-based business owners . Up until now , there 's been no in-the-field tool to accurately and effectively detect and respond to deviations in THC levels in products the public is consuming . '' said Ron Fazio , a former forensic scientist and current chief operations officer at Hemp Synergistics . `` As a result , law enforcement is forced to divert valuable resources to investigate , citizens lose liberties , and an otherwise legal industry is hampered . It 's a huge expense that no one wants . '' Currently , law enforcement is obligated to investigate any controlled substance , including marijuana . The trick is being able to quickly and reliably differentiate between hemp and marijuana . Unfortunately , `` hemp '' and `` marijuana '' are the same plant and are legally differentiated only by the amount of Delta-9-THC . Until now , measuring the amount of Delta-9 THC in the field , avoiding an unnecessary arrest or costly investigation , was impossible . The suspected controlled substance would have to be seized as evidence and submitted to a crime lab for full analysis , which can take months and cost thousands of dollars . `` The goal was to develop a test that was easily deployed in the field and was reliable and scientifically defensible - as opposed to sending a sample back to a lab with expensive high-powered instrumentation , '' continued Fazio . According to Purdue University Northwest 's Dr. Christian Westring , who served on the Board of Directors for the American Society for Crime Laboratory Directors , the nation 's forensic laboratories , most of which are publicly funded , are often backlogged as a result of the nation 's opioid crisis . Routine drug testing for example , can take as long as three months , or more . As a result , complex tests like THC quantitation can take much longer . Current field tests give you a positive or negative result and do n't take into account the exact percentage of THC . Therefore , if a product has a legal amount of THC -- there 's no way of knowing that unless it 's sent to a national lab . For hemp growers , this demonstrates the need for a tool that can accurately measure how close to the legal limit their product is . For law enforcement , this demonstrates the need for precise estimations of how strong a product is and whether or not they should pursue additional sampling . `` The newly formed Center 's primary function bridges academics , research and community engagement -- working with industry partners like Hemp Synergistics and police departments to help solve real world problems around public health and safety , '' said forensic science expert Christian G. Westring , Ph.D. . Director and Professor at the Center for Crime , Forensics , and Security Analysis , who serves on the Organization for Scientific Area Committees -LRB- OSAC -RRB- , a joint initiative of the National Institute of Standards and Technology -LRB- NIST -RRB- and the Department of Justice that supports the development of forensic science standards and guidelines for the United States . According to Brightfield Group , hemp-derived CBD products , particularly within the health and wellness markets , are on track to grow to USD 23.7 Billion by 2023 . Since Covid-19 , consumer demand for CBD-based products , the active ingredient in hemp , has spiked . The scientists at Purdue Northwest and Hemp Synergistics devised innovative improvements to existing lab technologies to create a field-ready application . Built from the ground up , the disposable field test kit test is based on the mechanism of an existing chemistry test used in the Duquenois-Levine reagent test . The scientists used novel modifications such as replacing certain activator chemicals with safe ingredients that minimize exposure while remaining readily deployable . The field test , named TRU -LRB- THC Recognition Units -RRB- , utilizes a colorimetric panel -- much like a pH test -- that provides an identification and semi-quantitation of Delta-9 THC and Delta-9 THCA . Each test costs approximately $ 14 dollars -- compared to the hundreds or thousands of dollars for crime lab testing . `` This product is not designed to replace full forensic laboratory testing , rather it is designed to give a rapid , accurate field test that can identify what does n't need to go to the lab . We estimate it can lower forensic laboratory submittals of suspected marijuana cases by 50 percent , '' said Westring . The product has been rigorously tested at Purdue University Northwest , which follows industry standards for method development and validation . Product deployment for law enforcement and agriculture industries will begin immediately . ### Disclaimer : AAAS and EurekAlert ! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert ! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system .", "url": "https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2020-08/pu-bfl081920.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.9238404035568237}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.25698851419860924, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhRCaDv", "stitle": "Cannabis Ratio Strains : Hawaiian Haze -- Benefits For THC And CBD", "seg_title_stem": "Cannabis Ratio strain : hawaiian haze -- benefit for THC and CBD", "seg_content": "Both cannabinoids , THC , and CBD boast properties offering valuable medicinal benefits unique to themselves . That means you will see varied results based on taking the compounds separately or in combination . These substances note of being the two prominent cannabinoids comprising the cannabis plant with research being most concentrated on the ` ratio ' of the two in determining how their effects are reproduced . Tetrahydrocannabinol or THC and cannabidiol or CBD react differently with the cannabinoid receptors in the brain . The suggestion is that THC will bind with the CB1 receptor while CBD does so with CB2 and , at the same time , prevents CB1 from binding with THC . In this case , CBD can reduce some potential adverse effects such as paranoia , anxiety , and the intoxicating factor brought by THC . Take this to learn if CBD will show up in drug testing . Choosing Cannabis Strains Most Beneficial For Your Needs In determining which strains of cannabis will produce the type of effect you 're hoping for , it 's essential to understand the variations between cannabidiol and tetrahydrocannabinol . The ratios for these two elements will be one of the determining factors for the results you achieve . There are countless strains like Hawaiian Haze with diverse ratios available through a multitude of brands , both in real-time dispensary offerings or via online sites . Go to https://cheefbotanicals.com/product/cbd-hemp-flower-hawaiian-haze/ to see an example of a CBD variety . Having a general idea of how these ratios work will make selecting the appropriate products a much simpler process . Identifying The Differences In The Ratios Even slight variations in the ratio between cannabidiol and tetrahydrocannabinol can potentially affect the way cannabis reacts with your body chemistry . Research presents new case studies every moment , but summaries stand as follows , going from CBD to THC : ** 0:1 When there is no CBD to prevent psychoactive tendencies , there will be intoxicating effects . For some , this is a chosen option . But more people prefer the medicinal properties of medical marijuana over the ` high ' characteristics . In this instance , the level would become too much . Strains with this consistency tend to bring emotions inclusive of elevated mood , euphoria , and happiness . Claims suggest there can also be episodes of laughter and the potential for dizziness . ** 1:0 With CBD being dominant in this ratio , there are no intoxicating characteristics , but the claim is that there are still mood enhancements with this combination . The properties boast potential for therapeutic benefits in decreasing symptoms associated with mood disorders , epilepsy , and other ailments with few , if any , adverse reactions . ** 1:1 The suggestion here indicates a balance of the two compounds results in a mild psychoactive component with more exceptional qualities for medicinal effects with conditions including : Insomnia Cancer Neuropathy Autism Multiple sclerosis and other neurological disorders Fibromyalgia ** 2:1 In this scenario , THC 's effects , including paranoia , anxiety , and euphoria , are eliminated . Ratios with a higher CBD strain tend to work better for sensitive people or those with less desire for the psychoactive effects . The THC element is so minimal ; patients rarely notice its properties making options in this category better suited for kids as there are great therapeutic offerings with no intoxication . CBD-dominant ratios of greater than 10 to 1 or strains that are high in this compound are particularly useful for people who suffer from anxiety , depression , or those enduring pediatric seizure or spasms . A THC-dominant strain is often seen in a more recreational capacity . But it has shown properties that help in cases of pain symptoms , nausea , migraines , insomnia , and in use with stress management . Final Word There 's not a certain ratio , concentration , or a strain that 's ideal for every person . The various combinations of the compounds shown just provide an outline to give some guidance . When you consume these products for medicinal purposes , the idea is to personalize them to your needs . Your specific sensitivity to THC will decide your dose and which ratio you need to incorporate for effective results . Adequate strength and dose are factored based on what you 're treating and your personal tastes . Some people have no tolerance for the intoxicating characteristics , while others prefer the sensation believing it in some ways assists in alleviating their symptoms . In either case , do n't neglect to obtain valuable input from a healthcare provider .", "url": "https://www.shawanoleader.com/lifestyle/cannabis-ratio-strains-hawaiian-haze-benefits-for-thc-and-cbd/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9988229274749756}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9988229274749756}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11111063436489742, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhRMF62", "stitle": "Jake Butt says he was tempted to quit during latest comeback", "seg_title_stem": "Jake Butt say he be tempt to quit during latest comeback", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -LRB- AP -RRB- -- Jake Butt is equal parts unfortunate and unflappable . In three seasons with the Denver Broncos , the star-crossed tight end from Michigan has played in as many games -LRB- three -RRB- as he 's had major knee surgeries , each of which required a clean-up procedure . So , that 's six operations to go with his eight career catches for 85 yards . Yet , in a talented tight end corps that features 2019 first-rounder Noah Fant , rookie Albert Okwuegbunam , free agent Nick Vannett and veterans Troy Fumagalli and Andrew Beck , it 's Butt who 's been turning heads at training camp so far . Just months after contemplating walking away from football , Butt has drawn high praise from his head coach and his quarterback this week with Drew Lock declaring , `` There 's nobody in our locker room that does n't want to see Jake Butt succeed . '' Butt appreciates the sentiment but wants to put his health issues behind him . `` Man , it means a lot quite honestly , '' Butt said Wednesday after another spectacular practice . `` Guys have seen what I 've been through and if you 've been through an ACL you know how hard one is . When you go through three , it means a lot to get that recognition from your comrades , your teachers , your coaches . But for me , I 'm healthy . It 's part of my story but I 'm out there , I 'm out there playing ball , I 'm not looking back . I do n't have any excuses . '' Butt first tore an ACL during spring drills his sophomore season at Michigan and he tore the other one in his final game for the Wolverines , in the Orange Bowl . The Broncos drafted him three months later but he spent his rookie year on IR . In 2018 , he played in three games before suffering a third torn ACL , and last year his comeback was interrupted by yet another operation to clean out a torn meniscus . He hoped to return for the final month in 2019 but Lock got the activation nod instead after recovering from a thumb injury . Butt has spent more of his pro career in the training room than he has on the football field . `` You 're still part of the team but you also feel miles away , '' Butt said . `` I would say honestly that 's probably the hardest part about rehab is it can get a little bit lonely and that 's where you start to build yourself up mentally . And throughout all three of my ACLs I think I 've come out of the rehab more mentally tough than I was going into it . '' Yet , Butt acknowledged there were some dark days during his latest comeback that made him seriously contemplate walking away from football . `` There were a lot of days I really wanted to quit , '' Butt said . `` There was a lot of days I was really down on myself , questioning myself , questioning why I 'm even doing this kind of thing ? And for me it 's my support group , my teammates , my friends and maybe just a little bit of craziness that I 've had implanted from my parents and my family growing up that you ca n't quit and just show up tomorrow . `` I 'm really happy I stuck with it because I do feel really , really good out there , '' Butt added . `` I feel like I can still play in this league and I can contribute , I can even get much better than I am right now . So , I think that 's a lesson that I 've definitely learned through this that everybody can learn is that bad days are going to come , tough days are going to come , but you ca n't quit , you 've just got to keep showing up . '' Notes : Four players were absent from practice Wednesday , including Fant , who was sick . Fangio made a point of saying , `` not COVID sick , but normal sick , that 's what he 's got . '' ... Also out were OLB Bradley Chubb -LRB- rest -RRB- , CB Davonte Harris -LRB- bruised knee -RRB- and Vannett -LRB- concussion -RRB- . ___ Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter : http://twitter.com/arniestapleton ___ More AP NFL : https://apnews.com/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL", "url": "https://apnews.com/f1ba5061b855a9af06ab92ce26787995", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0046529969252005554, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhRhhw1", "stitle": "Firefighter , former police officer among 17 arrested in Flint-area sex-trafficking sting", "seg_title_stem": "firefighter , former police officer among 17 arrest in flint-area sex-trafficking sting", "seg_content": "FLINT , MI -- A Burton firefighter who served as a former police officer with multiple agencies in Genesee County is one of 17 people arrested in a months-long operation by the Genesee Human Oppression Strike Team , or GHOST . Matthew J. Hyde , 40 , of Burton is charged with child sexually abusive activity , accosting a child for immoral purposes and using a computer to commit a crime . He was one of the suspects arrested during the most recent operation that began in March . Other suspects named , who were arraigned , include John Linsner , 43 , of Grand Blanc ; Pong Lor , 34 , of Shelby Township ; Ronald Brooks , 26 , of Flint ; Thomas Trinklein , 34 , of Saginaw ; Michael Beaudoin , 38 , of Howell ; Erik Middlewood , 30 , of Otisville ; and , Lonnie Anderson-Hendrick , 38 , of Lapeer . Nine additional suspects have been charged but not yet arraigned . Genesee County Sheriff Chris Swanson said at a Wednesday , Aug. 19 , press conference that Hyde believed he was speaking to two 14-year-old girls who really were sheriff 's deputies acting as `` chatters . '' `` He had a 15-minute phone call with one of our decoys , '' noted Swanson . `` In his truck when he was arrested , he had two loaded firearms , a police ID , a police badge of which he was not associated with . '' Hyde also previously worked as an officer for the Mt. Morris Police Department , Clayton Township Police Department , as well as a Genesee County Parks ranger . Swanson told MLive-The Flint Journal that Hyde also previously worked in the Marine Division for the Genesee County Sheriff 's Office , but he was not a certified police officer at the time . Burton Mayor Duane Haskins said Hyde has been suspended without pay from the fire department . Haskins , who previously served with the Genesee County Sheriff 's Office , called `` pinning the badge on your chest right above your heart is a thing most of us hold true as honor and integrity and to protect and save and work for people . '' `` When you have somebody that has that badge and they go the other way and they do something derogatory , it then instills the distrust in the public , '' said Haskins . `` I just want to let everybody know , especially in our city and the residents of Burton , that please do n't look at one individual that our fire department now is tainted and it 's bad . This was addressed , this was handled , it was corrected . This individual is no longer with the city . '' Swanson rhetorically asked why he continues to hold press conferences about GHOST team operations . `` These folks are among us and I want them to know there 's a watchdog out there , '' he said . `` I do n't want anybody to show up and if people have struggles with that , then they get professional help and not harm another child . '' Frank Manley , Hyde 's attorney who has handled several GHOST team cases , said , `` Nobody is for the exploitation of minors '' `` Social media clouds people 's judgment because it makes them feel invisible , as opposed to being face-to-face with someone , '' he added . `` Human frailty cuts across all socioeconomic lines ... Every case is vastly different and the defenses are factually based , not career-based . '' Hyde is due back in court Aug. 20 for a probable cause conference .", "url": "https://www.mlive.com/news/flint/2020/08/firefighter-former-police-officer-among-17-arrested-in-flint-area-sex-trafficking-sting.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9999501705169678}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9999501705169678}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.10429240623471314, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhSJZby", "stitle": "WPB Appeals Court Sides with Robert Kraft on Video Evidence in Sex Case", "seg_title_stem": "WPB Appeals Court side with Robert Kraft on Video evidence in sex case", "seg_content": "Robert Kraft , the owner of the New England Patriots , continues to have legal luck on his side . On Wednesday , 78-year-old Kraft earned another small victory in court . That 's because a three-judge panel at the Fourth District Court of Appeal , in West Palm Beach , released a 23-page decision supporting a lower court 's ruling to exclude certain video evidence in a sex solicitation case against him . The panel wrote that `` trial courts did not err '' when they decided not to use video the prosecution obtained that showed him inside a Jupiter massage business . In February of last year , Kraft was charged with two misdemeanor counts of soliciting prostitution at the parlor . He was among a number of men who were recorded on secret cameras as they received illegal massages there . https://twitter.com/RobertKrafts/status/1100111981606912001?s=20 He has since pleaded not guilty . Kraft 's attorney argued that the cameras violated their client 's Fourth Amendment rights . Kraft 's attorneys argued that the use of secret cameras violated Kraft 's Fourth Amendment rights . The new ruling now awaits review by the office of Florida Attorney General Ashley Moody .", "url": "https://www.850wftl.com/wpb-appeals-court-sides-with-robert-kraft-on-video-evidence-in-sex-case/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.9252909689608392, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhSUMQ6", "stitle": "Instagram Golf Model Paige Spiranac Shows Cleavage While Hitting A Practice Shot On A Simulator", "seg_title_stem": "Instagram Golf Model Paige Spiranac show cleavage while hit a practice shot on a Simulator", "seg_content": "Instagram model Paige Spiranac put her curvaceous figure on display for a video in her latest upload . In the clip , she sported a tight low-cut top that embellished her assets while she worked on her swing using a golf simulator . The social media influencer is well-known for her skills on the course , and in this update she showed off her curves along with her form . She was filmed at an indoor golfing facility . Spiranac had her long blond hair tied back with strands of bangs hanging loosely over her beautiful face . The San Diego State University product rocked a white long-sleeved shirt that was cropped just above her navel and had a deep-cut neckline . She also had on a pair of skintight high-waist tights , all-white sneakers , and a red glove to complete the ensemble . View this post on Instagram How far do you hit your 8 iron ? That 's the club I 'm hitting here . I ca n't wait to get back out to @xgolfamerica again ! I might visit my sister in CO and check out the location there . Have you been ? Also if you 're interested in owning an X-Golf , you can reach out to them at info at xgolfamerica.com and they will give you more info on next steps ! A post shared by Paige Spiranac -LRB- @_paige . renee -RRB- on Aug 19 , 2020 at 8:08 am PDT Spiranac started the clip by smirking at the camera before approaching the ball . The 27-year-old adjusted her stance while she gripped the iron with both hands and hunched over . This angle gave fans a clear view of her ample cleavage in the revealing shirt . She swung hard into the ball and held her stance while looking at the screen . The camera panned over to watch the simulated shot and caught the ball landing just past the 150-foot line on the simulated green . At the end of the footage , the lens panned over to give a full-body view of Spiranac as she admired the shot . In the caption , the model revealed she used an 8-iron in the clip , and asked followers how far they could hit using that club . She tagged X-Golf America simulators and said she visits their location in Colorado whenever visiting her sister who lives there . Spiranac uploaded the video on Wednesday , and many of her 2.8 million Instagram followers flocked to the post . More than 60,000 showed their support by tapping the `` like '' button in just over five hours after it went live . The golfer had over 1,200 comments in that short time . Fans flooded the replies with responses to the caption , and compliments on Spiranac 's stunning figure and impressive swing . Multiple Instagram users had questions for the athlete as well . `` Have to say -- I so admire your attitude to life , the candor , and of course -- the golf , '' one fan wrote . `` You are my role model , '' another replied while adding a series of emoji . `` How old were you when you started golfing ? I want to get my girls into it , '' one follower asked . `` You only got that one about five before it hit a wall , '' a fan joked . As covered by The Inquisitr , Spiranac flaunted her curves while working on her putting earlier this month .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6233790/paige-spiranac-white-top-simulator/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.791831432949838, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'bikini': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhSUqSY", "stitle": "Ashley Alexiss Flaunts Her Voluptuous Curves While In The Water With A Shark", "seg_title_stem": "Ashley Alexiss flaunt she voluptuous curve while in the water with a shark", "seg_content": "Buxom bombshell Ashley Alexiss surprised her 2.1 million Instagram followers with her most recent share , a wild shot in which she showed off her voluptuous lower body while immersed in the water with a shark nearby . The shot was set up so that the top half of the frame was filled with a breathtaking view of rolling mountains covered in lush green grass . The sky above was filled with stormy-looking clouds , giving the picture a moody vibe . The bottom portion of the image was underwater , and the sandy bottom was visible through the crystal clear water . Ashley stood on the sand and showed off her voluptuous curves in a dark bikini bottom . The bottom was slightly high-waisted , coming a bit up her back , and had high-cut sides that stretched over her hips and elongated her legs . Her body was angled away from the camera so that her curvaceous rear was on full display , despite being underwater . The line of the water came right where Ashley 's chest was , so not many details of her bikini top were visible . She accessorized with a pair of sunglasses , and her long blond locks tumbled down in wet strands . View this post on Instagram Shark bait . Ohh-Ha-Ha ???? ???? Traveling the world is my #FeelGoodFuel #SiSwimSearch2021 #SwimSearch A post shared by Ashley Alexiss -LRB- @ashalexiss -RRB- on Aug 19 , 2020 at 10:42 am PDT Several feet away from Ashley , a shark was spotted swimming through the tropical waters , although the creature was facing the opposite direction from the model . Ashley included several hashtags in the caption of the post that indicated the picture was taken at some point while she was participating in photo shoots for the latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit search . She had one foot planted on the ground beneath her , and her other was balanced on the ball of her foot , accentuating her curves even more . Her hands were both underwater as well , floating near her hips as she gazed off into the distance . Her followers absolutely loved the update , and the post received more than 5,400 likes within one hour . It also racked up 83 comments within the same brief time span . `` Even if a shark wanted a piece of that peach there 'd still be plenty for me , '' one fan wrote , referencing Ashley 's shapely rear . `` Photo of the century ! '' another fan added , stunned by the wild capture . `` Beautiful view , '' a third fan commented , followed by a trio of heart eyes emoji , not clarifying whether he was referring to Ashley or to the scenery around her . `` This is a fantastic shot !! '' another remarked . Yesterday , as The Inquisitr reported , Ashley surprised her fans with another sizzling snap that appeared to be taken in a warm weather spot . She showcased her hourglass figure in a neon yellow strapless romper with her hair styled in effortless beachy waves .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6233591/ashley-alexiss-voluptuous-shark/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.6839601993560791}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.6839601993560791}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8937118049542414, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhSV6LW", "stitle": "Madison Woolley Flaunts Her Fit Body In A Sexy Swimsuit At The Beach", "seg_title_stem": "Madison Woolley flaunt she fit body in a sexy swimsuit at the Beach", "seg_content": "Madison Woolley added a sizzling update to her Instagram page on Tuesday , August 18 that stunned her 538,000 followers . In her post , the Australian model decided to slip into a skimpy swimsuit that flaunted her stunning physique while catching some rays at the beach in Byron Bay . In the picture , Madison was photographed somewhere in the coastal town located in New South Wales . Clad in her skimpy swimsuit , she was seen lounging on a towel that was laid out on the fine , white sand . She stayed under a white umbrella and posed for the snap . One of her knees were bent , while her other leg was straightened . She leaned backward , using both of her hands as support , as she looked to her side . The bombshell gazed at the sea as the photographer took the shot . Her sun-kissed complexion shined under the sunlight , which made it look glowing . The ocean coming up to shore , as well as the bright blue sky , made up the tropical background of the snapshot . A swipe to the right featured the babe in a similar stance . This time , she raised her chin toward the sky and enjoyed the warmth of the sun . View this post on Instagram out of office . A post shared by M A D I S O N W O O L L E Y -LRB- @madisonwoolley -RRB- on Aug 18 , 2020 at 1:16 am PDT Madison rocked a tan one-piece swimsuit . It featured a plunging neckline , which showed off her ample cleavage . The sleeveless design of the swimwear highlighted her toned arms . It was also adorned with a belt , which helped accentuate her slim waistline . The lower part of the garment boasted a high cut that exposed plenty of skin and also helped elongate her lean legs . Madison wore gold hoop earrings with her beach day look . She left her platinum blond hair down and styled in sleek , straight strands . She matched the picture with a short caption . Since going live on her Instagram page , the post has earned more than 10,700 likes and over 80 comments . A lot of her social media supporters flocked to the comments section to shower her with various messages and rave about her enviable figure . Other avid admirers struggled to find the right words to express their admiration for the model , and instead , they chimed in with emoji . `` That place looks mesmerizing ! Australia is such a beautiful place , but not as lovely as you , '' one of her fans wrote . `` Obsessed with your style and beauty . You always look amazing in anything you wear . It 's like you never looked haggard in your life , '' gushed another admirer , adding a string of emoji at the end of the comment . `` This is such a mood . With all the problems in the world , the beach is the best place to be , '' a third follower added .", "url": "https://www.inquisitr.com/6233836/madison-woolley-tan-swimsuit/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11884328211769432, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1, 'butts': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butts': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhSc1ka", "stitle": "Painting eyes on cow butts can prevent predator attacks , study finds", "seg_title_stem": "painting eye on cow butt can prevent predator attack , study find", "seg_content": "Farmers in Botswana have long been used to lions and other predators attacking their cows every once in a while . But there might be a simple solution , according to a new study . It 's a bit weird , but it can work . Hear me out . No butt of a joke The researchers described a new method in which they paint eyes on the back of cows -- on their butts , basically . This works as a humane alternative to using lethal control and is also cheaper and more eco-friendly than using fencing to separate the cows from the predators . It 's simple , it 's cheap , painless , and it can be surprisingly effective , the researchers note . `` Lions are ambush predators that rely on stalking , and therefore the element of surprise , so being seen by their prey can lead to them abandoning the hunt , '' said researcher Neil Jordan in a press release . `` We tested whether we could hack into this response to reduce livestock losses , potentially protecting lions and livelihoods . '' Jordan partnered up with the Botswana Predator Conservation Trust -LRB- BPCT -RRB- and did a ten-week pilot study with a local farmer . They painted eyes on one-third of the 62 cows and counted the cattle every night to see how many had survived . Surprisingly , only three were killed during that period , none of which had painted eyes . The lions seemed to avoid the eye-butt cows . The results encouraged Jordan to expand his research , carrying out a four-year study . He and his team worked with farmers from the Okavango delta region , taking a sample of over 2,000 animals from 14 herds . They used acrylic paint , black and white or yellow , and applied it with foam stencils in the shape of an eye , clearly visible to the predator . The researchers painted the eye patterns in one-third of the cattle , while another third only got cross-marks and another third was n't unmarked . The cattle painted with the eyespots were much likely to survive than unpainted or cross-painted in the same herd . In fact , no cows that had been painted with eyes were killed during the four-year study , which is a remarkable achievement in itself . `` Cattle marked with simple crosses were significantly more likely to survive than were un-marked cattle from the same herd . Although eye-marked cattle were more likely to survive than the other groups , this general ` conspicuousness ' effect suggests that novel cross-marks were better than no marks at all , which was unexpected , '' Jordan said . Helping both farmers and lions As well as publishing a paper with their findings , the researchers have also done practical guides to the ` eye-cow ' technique in both English and Setswana . They hope farmers will take up this simple tool but they stress that it is important to understand the potential limitations in its use , and choose for themselves . Essentially , the method is not perfect , but it can indeed help . There are still some unknowns . Jordan explained that in the experimental design there were always unmarked cows in the heard , which means it 's unclear whether the painting would still be effective if those cows were n't there . Another thing to consider is habituation , as predators might get used to the deterrent and eventually ignore it -- just because it works no , it 's not a guarantee that it will work 10 years from now . . The African lion population has in fact dropped from 100,000 in the 1990s to between 23,000 and 39,000 in 2016 , with farmer retaliation playing an important role with that . Understandably , local farmers want their animals safe , but conservationists have been looking for ways to reduce conflicts for a long time . Now , they finally have a tool they can at least trial in these dicey situations . The study was published in the journal Communications Biology .", "url": "https://www.zmescience.com/science/painting-eyes-on-cow-butts-can-prevent-predator-attacks-study-finds/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.41853035926779286, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhSzxAe", "stitle": "Sex-offender compliance operation leads to 20 arrests , more expected", "seg_title_stem": "sex-offender compliance operation lead to 20 arrest , more expect", "seg_content": "Federal , state and local law enforcement agencies participated in a four day sex-offender compliance operation that led to the arrest of 20 people in Lubbock County . From Aug. 10 through Aug. 13 , law enforcement personnel made contact with more than 450 registered sex offenders in Lubbock to check their compliance with state laws . About 40 investigations are underway for sex offenders who were found to be non-compliant in accordance with Texas as well as the U.S. Marshals Service . More arrests are expected . A list of those arrested is as follows : • Ricky Flores - failure to comply • Rueben Ortiz - failure to comply • Wildafredo Rivera - failure to comply • James Shannon - failure to comply • Roy Lindal - failure to comply , arrest warrant • Tino Barros - failure to comply • Isaac Rodriguez - failure to comply • Cory Sandeuf - failure to comply , arrested from Hutcherson Co. warrant • Carlos Flores - failure to comply • Gustavo Jimenez - failure to comply • Gorge Garcia - failure to comply , arrested for possession of marijuana • Tom Ford - failure to comply • Eddie Ontivarious - failure to comply • Billy Samples - failure to comply , arrested for gun charge • Jimmy Sifuentes - failure to comply • Broderick Stevenson - failure to comply • Aaron Pulley - failure to comply • Christopher Ramos - felony warrant • Robert Cortiaz - failure to comply • Conrad Martinez - failure to comply", "url": "https://www.937theeagle.com/story/42518311/sexoffender-compliance-operation-leads-to-20-arrests-more-expected", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9481024146080017, "CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9481024146080017, "CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.18270837615490734, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhT7avt", "stitle": "Tampa man gets 19 years for enticing Georgia minor to move in , perform sex acts : DOJ", "seg_title_stem": "Tampa man get 19 year for entice Georgia minor to move in , perform sex act : doj", "seg_content": "TAMPA -LRB- WFLA -RRB- -- A Tampa man was sentenced to 19 years in federal prison Wednesday for enticing a Georgia minor to live with him and perform sexual acts with no contact to outside world . According to court documents , Thomas Hill , 41 , began communicating online with a 17-year-old Georgia girl in November 2018 . The conversations reportedly included Hill asking the girl to send him pornographic images and call him `` master . '' The US Document of Justice said Hill and the girl made plans for him to pick her up and move her in with him in Tampa without her parents ' knowledge or consent . In early December 2018 , they did just that . Once in Tampa , DOJ said Hill forced the victim to engage in non-consensual sex acts . He also allegedly forced the girl to perform unpaid menial labor around his house . Hill reportedly restricted her to leave or communicate with anyone outside the home . After living with the suspect for several weeks , DOJ says the girl fled Hill 's home and was discovered by local police running down the street , crying for help . `` The facts of this case are beyond disturbing . Mr. Hill forced his young victim to commit horrific and unspeakable acts , '' said Michael F. McPherson , Special Agent in Charge of FBI Tampa Division . `` These investigations are tough to work and I am proud of the dedicated special agents who do the job to protect our children from sexual predators . '' Hill pleaded guilty on January 7 and was sentenced to 19 years in prison in August .", "url": "https://www.wfla.com/news/local-news/tampa-man-gets-19-years-for-enticing-georgia-minor-to-move-in-perform-sex-acts-doj/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4948879896960403, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhTK6JC", "stitle": "Naked soccer game", "seg_title_stem": "naked soccer game", "seg_content": "This is more than just a clickbait story . Two local soccer teams in Germany played a game on Sunday completely naked , save for socks and shoes . The point was to promote authenticity and denounce the commercialization of soccer . Marco Werman speaks with the person behind the naked soccer match : artist Gerrit Starczewski .", "url": "https://www.pri.org/file/2020-08-19/naked-soccer-game", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9993947744369507}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 0.9993947744369507}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.16111505496439824, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhTOIfp", "stitle": "Best Double-Sided Foot Files With Grit Strips", "seg_title_stem": "best double-sided Foot Files with Grit Strips", "seg_content": "Foot files come in handy for buffing dry , cracked heels . Styles with different levels of exfoliation allow you to get a more precise and comfortable experience . A good one should ideally be made of strong , sturdy stainless steel that wo n't rust and be easy to maneuver . Here , we rounded up the best double-sided foot files on the market that come with replaceable grit strips . So , if you have some stubborn calluses , keep reading . 1 . Homeve Pedicure Foot File This file includes 10 replacement filing strips with a coarse and fine side . Pros : It features a sturdy handle that 's easy to grip . Cons : Some may find the adhesive paper a bit tricky to remove . Buy : Homeve Pedicure Foot File $ 9 -LRB- ws $ 15 -RRB- 2 . ForPro Stainless Steel Pedi File Kit This file comes with 12 strips total offering different levels of grit on each side . Pros : Each filing strip features an EZ-strip peel-off backing . Cons : Some may find the strips leaves a residue . 3 . Lifestan Pedicure Foot File This model provides six coarser strips and six less-abrasive strips . Pros : The handle should fit optimally in the palm of your hand . Cons : The strips may be difficult to get off . All products featured have been independently selected and curated by our editorial team . If you buy something through the links included on our site , FN may earn a commission .", "url": "https://footwearnews.com/2020/shop/health/best-double-sided-foot-files-1203043557/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.040833819222296314, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex act': 1, 'sex acts': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhTULXO", "stitle": "Oklahoma County officials searching for man accused of multiple sex crimes against children", "seg_title_stem": "Oklahoma County official search for man accuse of multiple sex crime against child", "seg_content": "OKLAHOMA CITY -LRB- KFOR -RRB- -- Authorities are searching for a man accused of multiple sex crimes against children after he skipped court in Oklahoma County this week . Authorities say 9 victims of 54-year-old Walter E. Walker range from ages 8-13 years old . His alleged crimes , happening in 2016 and again in 2019 , with him posting bond both times `` We 're talking about charges that are related to what appears to be a child sex predator so that is an individual you do not want out on the streets , '' said Oklahoma County Sheriff 's Office spokesperson Mark Myers . According to police reports , Walker was arrested in 2016 -- accused of showering and inappropriately touching young children , also giving them alcohol . Walker later bonded out -- but police say the crimes continued . In 2019 -- family members told police he tricked them into watching their children -- saying he 'd be like a grandfather to them -- and teach them how to fix cars . But -- the young victims say Walker asked them to perform sex acts on him . Walker was arrested again -- but released again -- this time on $ 37,500 bond . Now -- this week -- Walker failed to show up to court . OKC Police alerted residents on social media with many questioning why he was released in the first place . Oklahoma County Judge Ray Elliot is presiding . He told News 4 he can not comment on the case . News 4 visited Walker 's address on Wednesday and were told he 's out of town . Investigators are now working to figure out where he may be . `` I know that he is also been listed in a national database so if any law enforcement finds him , whether that 's locally , on the state level or the national level they will know he is wanted here in Oklahoma County , '' Myers said . Walker faces 6 counts of forcible sodomy and 4 counts of lewd acts with a child . Call 911 if you know his immediate whereabouts . Call crime stoppers at 235-7300 with any other tips . Walker 's attorney declined to comment .", "url": "https://kfor.com/news/oklahoma-county-officials-searching-for-man-accused-of-multiple-sex-crimes-against-children/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09111617678977768, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'lingerie': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhTiCjR", "stitle": "How L Brands Put Such Surprising Sizzle Into Its Earnings", "seg_title_stem": "how L Brands put such surprising Sizzle Into its earnings", "seg_content": "Victoria 's Secret parent L Brands -LRB- NYSE : LB -RRB- showed some of its old zing today when posting its second-quarter results , beating consensus analyst estimates by a large margin on earnings per share -LRB- EPS -RRB- and a smaller amount in revenues . Despite the ongoing toll of COVID-19 on Q2 sales , the company reported adjusted EPS of $ 0.25 , beating the Zacks analyst estimate of a $ 0.34 loss per share by $ 0.59 and delivering a 173 % positive surprise . L Brands ' net sales dropped 20 % from $ 2.90 billion in Q2 2019 to this year 's $ 2.32 billion , but still beat analyst predictions of $ 2.27 billion . Despite the sales dip due to store closures in the earlier parts of the quarter , however , adjusted EPS still rose $ 0.01 year over year . Also , $ 205.7 million in Q2 2020 operating income overshot 2019 's $ 174.6 million , and this year 's $ 69.0 million in net sales rose 2.07 % year over year . The troubled Victoria 's Secret brand was n't the source of L Brands ' surprisingly strong Q2 results , with its sales plunging 39 % . Even during the part of the quarter when its stores were open , the lingerie brand 's comparable sales , or comps , were down 10 % . Instead , it was the Bath & Body Works brand that cleaned up financially for L Brands . Its `` direct business '' generated sales soaring 191 % over Q2 2019 's figure , while comps showed 87 % year-over-year gains once stores reopened , and the brand 's overall comparable sales of $ 1.197 billion for the whole quarter rose 13 % year over year . The figures support L Brands ' ongoing commitment to focus on strengthening Bath & Body Works while spinning off Victoria 's Secret . L Brands ' shares ended the day up 1.03 % and continue to climb in after-hours trading .", "url": "https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/08/19/how-l-brands-put-such-surprising-sizzle-into-its-e/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 0.9516059160232544, "BusinessEconomy": 0.9709410071372986}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 0.9516059160232544, "BusinessEconomy_Other": 0.9709410071372986}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04923756254965312, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhTkFJC", "stitle": "Where Kamala Harris Stands On Marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "where Kamala Harris stand on marijuana", "seg_content": "Unless you 've been hiding under a rock -LRB- or have used quarantine as a much-needed excuse to hide from 2020 -RRB- , you 'll know that Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden has announced his VP pick as California Senator Kamala Harris . On a majority of issues , the two have much in common , but Harris and Biden are on opposite ends when it comes to one : The prospect of legalizing marijuana . Biden has n't fully supported the legalization of weed . Meanwhile , Harris has come around to support the idea -- but she says she has no plans to push her beliefs on Biden . But Harris was n't always on board with the legalization of marijuana ! I present to you : a complete guide to Harris ' evolving position on everyone 's favorite green leaf . At first , Harris only supported medical marijuana . When Harris was first elected as California attorney general in 2010 , she opposed the initiative to legalize marijuana . `` Spending two decades in court rooms , Harris believes that drug selling harms communities , '' said her campaign manager , Brian Brokaw , to Capitol Weekly . `` Harris supports the legal use of medicinal marijuana but does not support anything beyond that . '' Four years later , when she was campaigning for attorney general again , a reporter asked about her opponent 's support of cannabis legalization . She paused for a moment before laughing while replying that he was `` entitled to his opinion . '' This content is imported from YouTube . You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site . She also opposed California 's marijuana legalization ballot measure that voters ultimately approved in 2016 . Harris has recently endorsed multiple acts supporting marijiuana legalization . Harris started to come around in recent years , and has endorsed numerous bills pertaining to marijuana . Some examples include : In 2017 , she co-sponsored the SAFE Banking Act , which would allow cannabis businesses to work freely with banks and have no fear of punishment . She and NY Senator Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez introduced the Fair Chance at Housing Act that would prohibit drug and alcohol testing as a requirement to being admitted into government-supported housing . She endorsed the Marijuana Justice Act . This would remove marijuana from the Controlled Substances Act , and get rid of criminal penalties for anyone who exports , manufactures , distributes , anything with weed . She 's also a co-sponsor for the Marijuana Opportunity Reinvestment and Expungement Act , which is an updated version of the Marijuana Justice Act , with the overall goal of decriminalizing marijuana . In her 2019 book The Truths We Hold : An American Journey , she spoke in favor of cannabis legalization . `` Something else it 's past time we get done is dismantling the failed war on drugs -- starting with legalizing marijuana , '' wrote Harris , adding that , `` we need to expunge nonviolent marijuana-related offenses from the records of millions of people who have been arrested and incarcerated so they can get on with their lives . '' Harris revealed she 'd smoked pot before . Early on in her presidential campaign , Harris appeared on the radio show , `` The Breakfast Club , '' and co-host Charlamagne Tha God asked if she had ever smoked weed . `` I have . And I inhaled , I did inhale . It was a long time ago , but yes , '' the Californian senator responded . Harris explained that she smoked a joint in college while listening to Snoop Dogg and Tupac Shakur , but someone on Twitter was quick to point out that could n't be factually correct . Harris graduated Howard University in 1986 and UC Hastings College of the Law in 1989 , but it would be years before the rappers released any music . This content is imported from Twitter . You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site . Hear what #KamalaHarris thinks about legalizing marijuana pic.twitter.com/YGZlCAKUZ0 -- The Breakfast Club -LRB- @breakfastclubam -RRB- February 11 , 2019 Harris told the host , `` Look I joke about it , half joking -- half my family 's from Jamaica -- are you kidding me . '' She continued , `` I have had concerns , the full record , I have had concerns , which I think , first of all , let me just make this statement very clear , I believe we need to legalize marijuana ... Now , that being said , and this is not a ` but , ' it is an ` and , ' and we need to research , which is one of the reasons we need to legalize it . We need to move it on the schedule so that we can research the impact of weed on a developing brain . You know , that part of the brain that develops judgment , actually begins its growth at age 18 through age 24 . '' Harris ' father , Donald Harris , called his daughter 's remarks on the radio show `` a travesty . '' In an interview for the Jamaica Global Online , he said : `` My dear departed grandmother -LRB- whose extraordinary legacy I described in a recent essay on this website -RRB- , as well as my deceased parents , must be turning in their grave right now to see their family 's name , reputation and proud Jamaican identity being connected , in any way , jokingly or not with the fraudulent stereotype of a pot-smoking joy seeker and in the pursuit of identity politics , '' he said . `` Speaking for myself and my immediate Jamaican family , we wish to categorically dissociate ourselves from this travesty . '' Harsh ! This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses . You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io This commenting section is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page . You may be able to find more information on their web site .", "url": "https://www.marieclaire.com/politics/a33646979/kamala-harris-stance-on-marijuana/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Federal": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.4870067234695769, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'condom': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhTkW4J", "stitle": "Amid rising sexually transmitted diseases , officials say more sex health counseling needed", "seg_title_stem": "amid rise sexually transmitted disease , official say more sex health counseling need", "seg_content": "Talking about sexually transmitted infections -LRB- STIs -RRB- during health examinations may prevent them in sexually active adolescents and at-risk young adults , according to a group of leading health officials . The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force -LRB- USPSTF -RRB- stated in their recent report `` with moderate certainty that behavioral counseling interventions reduce the likelihood of acquiring STIs in sexually active adolescents and in adults at increased risk , including for example , those who have a current STI , do not use condoms , or have multiple partners , resulting in a moderate net benefit . '' According to the task force , there are approximately 20 million new cases of bacterial or viral STIs each year in the United States , and half of the new cases occur within the 15 to 24-year-old age group . The USPSTF also reported growing concern over the rise in gonococcal , chlamydial , and syphilis infection rates throughout the country . The report recommended behavioral intervention approaches including in-person counseling , telephone or text messaging support , websites , videos , and written materials to help reduce the risk of a person getting an STI . The task force stated the most successful approaches to reducing STIs include providing information on transmission of common STIs and encouraging the person to commit to following safe sex procedures . The report also recommended evaluating the person 's risk of acquiring an STI and encourage talking about ways to practice safer sex as well as provide training in condom use . Shorter , less intensive counseling sessions can have a beneficial effect on reducing the acquisition of STIs and increasing condom use , according to the report . Previously established guidelines in 2014 recommended group counseling interventions with significant contact times -LRB- defined as more than 120 minutes -RRB- for several sessions which had beneficial effects on prevention of STIs . One of the noted concerns is that sexually transmitted infections are often asymptomatic , which results in a delayed diagnosis and treatment . This can lead to the transmission of STIs unknowingly to others as well as serious consequences that include infertility , pelvic inflammatory disease , cancer , and AIDS , according to the results . It also discussed the dangers of STIs during pregnancy including miscarriage . The task force suggested in the report that `` primary care clinicians can deliver in-person behavioral counseling interventions , refer patients to behavioral counseling interventions in other settings , or inform patients about media-based interventions . ''", "url": "https://www.foxnews.com/health/rising-sexually-transmitted-diseases-sex-health-counseling", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08074173773541288, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'lingerie': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'lingerie': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhTzNpr", "stitle": "L Brands reports surprise profit on demand for soaps , lingerie", "seg_title_stem": "L Brands report surprise profit on demand for soap , lingerie", "seg_content": "-LRB- Reuters -RRB- - L Brands Inc -LRB- LB.N -RRB- on Wednesday reported a surprise quarterly profit boosted by strong demand for Bath & Body Works ' sanitizers and soaps , as well as higher online sales of Victoria 's Secret lingerie during coronavirus-led lockdowns . The pandemic-fuelled temporary store closures , which have pushed many retailers into bankruptcy , led to 850 jobs cuts at L Brand 's home office and permanent closing of some Victoria 's Secret stores , after a stake sale in the unit fell apart . The company 's direct channel , which includes its online store that remained open throughout the quarter , proved to be a bright spot as customers flocked to shop virtually . That helped comparable sales for Bath & Body Works surge 123 % , while that for Victoria 's Secret rise 28 % . Overall comparable sales rose 63 % for L Brands , crushing the average analyst estimate of an 18 % fall , according to IBES data from Refinitiv . `` Q2 2020 was much stronger than expected ... The key question for management will be whether the company will be able to maintain this strength through holiday , '' Bernstein analyst Jamie Merriman said . With the busy holiday season soon approaching , L Brands said it was testing ideas to spread its holiday merchandise to a broader time period , and to introduce some merchandise into the current quarter . It also forecast `` meaningful expense pressure '' due to higher store costs that include payroll and supplies , due to social distancing protocols , wage rate inflation and higher shipping costs . Excluding one-time items , the company earned 25 cents per share in the quarter ended Aug. 1 , compared with the expectation of a 42 cents loss . Net sales fell about 20 % to $ 2.32 billion , but were above Wall Street estimates of $ 2.21 billion . Shares of the Columbus , Ohio-based company were up 4 % in extended trading .", "url": "https://www.reuters.com/article/us-l-brands-results/l-brands-reports-surprise-profit-on-demand-for-soaps-lingerie-idUSKCN25F2LO", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3737483165126067, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhUJ5Sh", "stitle": "Police looking for sex assault suspect", "seg_title_stem": "police look for sex assault suspect", "seg_content": "KANE'OHE , O'ahu -LRB- KITV4 -RRB- - Do you recognize this man ? Honolulu Police say he 's wanted in connection with a reported sex assault in Kane'ohe last week . The victim was sitting at a bus stop when the man drove up in a gray truck - possibly a Nissan Titan - and forced the victim into his truck . The person reported being sexually assaulted near the theaters at Ko'olau Shopping Center before being dropped off in Kaimuki . Anyone with information is asked to call Honolulu Police .", "url": "https://www.kitv.com/story/42518482/police-are-looking-for-a-sex-assault-suspect", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9994403719902039}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9994403719902039}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15826115134640223, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhUi7P4", "stitle": "Single dose radiotherapy as good as conventional therapy for most women with early breast cancer", "seg_title_stem": "single dose radiotherapy as good as conventional therapy for most woman with early breast cancer", "seg_content": "For most women with early breast cancer , a single dose of targeted radiotherapy during surgery is just as effective as conventional radiotherapy , which requires several visits to hospital after surgery . This combination of targeted radiotherapy -LRB- restricted to the area around the tumour -RRB- given immediately after surgery is called targeted intraoperative radiotherapy . Conventional radiotherapy involves repeat doses to the whole breast over several days after surgery . The findings , published by The BMJ today , show that intraoperative radiotherapy is associated with around an 80 % chance of avoiding a full course of conventional radiotherapy , fewer side effects and no difference in survival or likelihood of the cancer returning . An international team of researchers set out to compare the long term effects of targeted intraoperative radiotherapy -LRB- TARGIT-IORT -RRB- with conventional whole breast external beam radiotherapy -LRB- EBRT -RRB- for women with early breast cancer . Results from an earlier report of single-dose targeted intraoperative radiotherapy were promising , but doctors have been waiting for longer term results before adopting the procedure more widely . The new findings are based on 2,298 women , aged 45 or older , who were eligible for breast conservation surgery -LRB- lumpectomy -RRB- at 32 centres in 10 countries in the UK , Europe , Australia , U.S. and Canada . Between March 2000 , and June 2012 , 1,140 women were randomised to receive targeted intraoperative radiotherapy -LRB- TARGIT-IORT -RRB- and 1,158 received external beam radiotherapy -LRB- EBRT -RRB- . TARGIT-IORT was given as a single dose immediately after surgery as part of the same operation and under the same anaesthetic , while EBRT was given as a standard daily dose for 3-6 weeks after surgery . The long term results show that TARGIT-IORT was no worse than EBRT . After five years of monitoring , the local recurrence risk was 2.11 % for TARGIT-IORT compared with 0.95 % for EBRT . This difference of 1.16 % is not considered clinically significant . In the first five years after surgery , there were 13 additional local recurrences -LRB- 24 out of 1,140 vs 11 out of 1,158 -RRB- but 14 fewer deaths -LRB- 42 out of 1,140 vs 56 out of 1,158 -RRB- with TARGIT-IORT compared with EBRT . Over a longer follow-up period -LRB- average 8.6 years , maximum 18.9 years -RRB- there were no statistically significant differences in local recurrence-free survival -LRB- 167 vs 147 events -RRB- , mastectomy-free survival -LRB- 170 vs 175 events -RRB- , overall survival -LRB- 110 vs 131 events -RRB- and breast cancer deaths -LRB- 65 vs 57 events -RRB- . Deaths from other causes were significantly lower -LRB- 45 vs 74 events -RRB- with TARGIT-IORT compared with EBRT . The major risk factors for such deaths -LRB- age and body mass index -RRB- were well matched between the groups . The researchers point to some study limitations , such as possible overdiagnosis of non-invasive local recurrence affecting the results , and not collecting all the background risk factors for deaths from non breast cancer causes . However strengths included the randomised design , a large sample size with a long duration and high level of complete follow up , suggesting that the results are reliable and robust . As such , the researchers say that for the large proportion of early breast cancer patients `` risk adapted immediate single-dose TARGIT-IORT during lumpectomy is an effective alternative to EBRT , with comparable long-term efficacy for cancer control , and lower non-breast-cancer mortality . '' Single-dose TARGIT-IORT during lumpectomy `` should be accessible to healthcare providers and discussed with patients when surgery for breast cancer is being planned , '' they conclude . Explore further Single-dose radiotherapy during surgery ` effective in preventing breast cancer return ' More information : Long term survival and local control outcomes from single dose targeted intraoperative radiotherapy during lumpectomy -LRB- TARGIT-IORT -RRB- for early breast cancer : TARGIT-A randomised clinical trial , The BMJ , DOI : 10.1136 / bmj.m2836", "url": "https://medicalxpress.com/news/2020-08-dose-radiotherapy-good-conventional-therapy.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_FacilitiesServices": 0.9984459280967712}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05173768383912593, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhUq7Y2", "stitle": "` One-shot ' radiotherapy as good for breast cancer as longer course", "seg_title_stem": "` one-shot ' radiotherapy as good for breast cancer as longer course", "seg_content": "Women with breast cancer who receive one shot of radiotherapy immediately after surgery experience the same benefits as those who have up to 30 doses over three to six weeks , an international medical study has found . The technique , known as targeted intraoperative radiotherapy , is increasingly being used around the world instead of women having to undergo weeks of painful and debilitating treatment . Eight out of 10 of the 2,298 participants in the study , women over 45 with early-stage breast cancer who had had surgery to remove a lump of up to 3.5 cm , needed no further radiotherapy after having the single dose , researchers on the British-led study found . The findings are based on results from 32 hospitals in 10 countries including the UK . During the treatment , carried out immediately after a lumpectomy , a ball-shaped device measuring a few centimetres is placed into the area of the breast where the cancer had been and a single dose of radiotherapy is administered . The procedure takes 20 to 30 minutes . The 80 % of patients for whom it works thus avoid going back to hospital between 15 and 30 times over the following weeks to have further sessions of radiotherapy . The new study , published in the BMJ , found that women who underwent single-dose radiotherapy had fewer side-effects related to receiving radiation compared with conventional whole-breast radiotherapy and had less pain , a better cosmetic outcome and a better quality of life . `` This reduces the amount of time spent in hospital and enables women to recover more quickly , meaning they can get back to their lives more quickly , '' said the lead author , Jayant Vaidya , a professor of surgery and oncology at University College London . Prof Jeffrey S Tobias , a co-author , said the findings showed that the treatment -- developed at UCL in 2000 -- could help relieve the strain on overworked hospital radiology departments . Mia Rosenblatt , assistant director of policy and campaigns at the charity Breast Cancer Now , said the research was encouraging and confirmed that the treatment could cut women 's visits to hospital and reduce the side-effects of radiotherapy . But more work needed to be done to help fine-tune the selection of women who have single-dose radiotherapy , because some in the study needed extra traditional radiotherapy as well . In addition , some hospitals are now offering a five-dose alternative to the conventional weeks-long option , so the benefits of single-dose treatment compared with that needed to be assessed , she added .", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/society/2020/aug/19/one-shot-radiotherapy-as-good-for-breast-cancer-as-longer-course", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_FacilitiesServices": 0.9977369904518127}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07338861659513805, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhUtI49", "stitle": "Breast cancer : Single dose of radiotherapy during surgery ` as good as full course '", "seg_title_stem": "breast cancer : single dose of radiotherapy during surgery ` as good as full course '", "seg_content": "A single dose of radiotherapy during surgery is as good as a conventional course for most women with early breast cancer , a study has found . Scientists said the single dose of targeted radiotherapy during surgery replaced the need for extra hospital visits as part of a regular course . An international team of researchers compared the long-term effects of targeted intra-operative radiotherapy -LRB- TARGIT-IORT -RRB- with conventional whole breast external beam radiotherapy -LRB- EBRT -RRB- for women with early breast cancer . TARGIT-IORT is the combination of targeted radiotherapy restricted to the area around the tumour given immediately after surgery . Conventional radiotherapy involves repeat doses to the whole breast over several days after surgery . The new findings are based on 2,298 women , aged 45 or older , who were eligible for breast conservation surgery -- lumpectomy -- at 32 centres in 10 countries in the UK , Europe , Australia , USA and Canada . The results , published in the BMJ , showed that that intra-operative radiotherapy was associated with around an 80 per cent chance of avoiding a full course , fewer side effects and no difference in survival or likelihood of the cancer returning . In addition , with TARGIT-IORT , significantly fewer women died from causes other than breast cancer . Previous studies have shown that TARGIT-IORT has fewer radiation-related side effects compared with conventional whole breast radiotherapy , with less pain , better cosmetic outcome and a better quality of life . Professor Jayant Vaidya , the lead author from UCL , which designed and ran the clinical trial starting in 2000 , said : `` With TARGIT-IORT , women can have their surgery and radiation treatment for breast cancer all at the same time . This reduces the amount of time spent in hospital and enables women to recover more quickly , meaning they can get back to their lives more quickly . `` With publication of these very positive long-term results , it is now clear that this treatment should be made much more freely available . It should be accessible to healthcare providers and discussed with patients when surgery for breast cancer is being planned . '' ` Considerable discussion ' Joanne Haviland , principal statistician at The Institute of Cancer Research , London , who works in breast cancer radiotherapy clinical trials , said the trial had generated `` considerable discussion '' among experts but that its findings `` do not help to overcome the longstanding concerns around the methodological and analytical weaknesses in the trial that undermine its result '' . She said : `` Conventional radiotherapy has evolved considerably since the design of the trial , including shorter treatment schedules and smaller volumes of breast treated , with greatly improved patient experience , and extremely high levels of clinical cure at very low cost to the NHS . '' Dr Jeanette Dickson , President of The Royal College of Radiologists , said : `` Many years have passed since the TARGIT trial was designed , in which time external beam radiotherapy techniques have become more and more precise at treating tumours . Clinicians are now able to treat breast cancer patients with a week-long course of external beam therapy -- meaning less of a gap in patient convenience between the two methods . `` The study findings are interesting but we believe any wider rollout of IORT will be dependent on local surgical and physics expertise . In the Covid-19 era , the extra time needed in the operating theatre to carry out the procedure is also very hard to justify , given the lack of surgical capacity . ''", "url": "https://inews.co.uk/news/health/breast-cancer-radiotherapy-single-dose-full-course-study-583188", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_FacilitiesServices": 0.9940833449363708}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.013804083960690102, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhUxb4M", "stitle": "Weed vending machines pop up in Colorado", "seg_title_stem": "weed vend machine pop up in Colorado", "seg_content": "Coloradans who are concerned about the coronavirus pandemic can now purchase marijuana through a contactless weed vending machine at certain dispensaries . A company called anna put up their weed vending machines this month at Strawberry Fields dispensary in Pueblo , Colo. , and will put up more at Starbuds dispensary in Aurora , Colo. over the coming weeks . The customer experience with anna is akin to self-checkouts at grocery stores and pharmacies . Shoppers can browse in-store using anna 's touchscreen , and can also order online by scanning their QR code upon arrival at the dispensary . The new technology allows customers to check out within a minute and receive their cannabis products while also maintaining social distancing and staying safe during the ongoing pandemic . `` While the demand for this technology was around long before the pandemic , the presence of COVID-19 has certainly sped up the desire to adopt contactless payment into the dispensary process , '' anna CEO Matt Frost told FOX Business . `` Likewise , COVID-19 has exacerbated the long wait times often associated at dispensaries . anna allows customers who know what they want to pre-order and be in and out of the dispensary in under a minute , while freeing up budtenders to spend more time with customers who want that individualized experience . '' The new weed vending machines will add to an already thriving marijuana industry in Colorado , whose governor designated it a `` critical '' business at the outset of the pandemic . Marijuana sales in May set an all-time record in Colorado with $ 149,186,615 total recreational sales , according to data released by the Department of Revenue 's Marijuana Enforcement Division . That record was shattered the next month in June when recreational sales totaled $ 158,102,628 . Shannon Gray , a spokesperson for the Department of Revenue , noted that this is part of a long-term trend , as Colorado has set new marijuana sales and tax revenue records each year for the last six years since Colorado legalized weed for recreational sales in 2014 . The state is on track to break the record again as it sold $ 978,350,185 worth of weed through the first half of 2020 . The state saw $ 1,747,990,628 of sales in all of 2019 . More self-checkout weed vending machines by anna are set to open in Massachusetts in September , with plans to expand to Nevada , California and Canada next year . `` We 're only a week into deployment , but we 're excited by the interest and curiosity we 've seen so far , and we expect customers to quickly become accustomed to using the technology as time goes on , '' Frost said .", "url": "https://www.foxbusiness.com/economy/weed-vending-machines-pop-up-in-colorado", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.29046068421056315, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'nude': 1}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1, 'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhUz0cQ", "stitle": "U.S. Marshals arrest Guthrie man on alleged child sex crimes", "seg_title_stem": "U.S. Marshals arrest Guthrie man on alleged child sex crime", "seg_content": "U.S. Marshals arrested 23-year-old Weston Leo Lynch at his home in Guthrie . He 's the subject of an investigation by Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office 's -LRB- TCSO -RRB- child predator unit . Lynch used social media to send naked pictures and videos of himself to a girl he thought was 14 years old , according to TCSO . He also allegedly sent sexually explicit messages and tried to get the girl to send him nude photos of herself . Investigators have reason to believe Lynch may have been communicating with other young girls . We are asking any other potential victims to contact our investigators at 918-596-5621 . Lynch was booked into the Tulsa County Jail on Wednesday afternoon on four felony charges , including lewd proposals to a minor and indecent exposure . In 2018 , Lynch pleaded guilty to domestic assault and battery in Logan County .", "url": "https://guthrienewspage.com/u-s-marshals-arrest-guthrie-man-on-alleged-child-sex-crimes/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2047605723410933, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhV5p00", "stitle": "Cannabis Stock Gainers And Losers From August 19 , 2020", "seg_title_stem": "Cannabis Stock Gainers and Losers from August 19 , 2020", "seg_content": "Gainers : GrowGeneration -LRB- NASDAQ : GRWG -RRB- shares closed up 24.65 % at $ 22.02 MariMed -LRB- OTC : MRMD -RRB- shares closed up 12.14 % at $ 0.20 C21 Investments -LRB- OTC : CXXIF -RRB- shares closed up 12.04 % at $ 0.61 22nd Century Group , Inc. . Common Stock -LRB- AMEX : XXII -RRB- shares closed up 9.8 % at $ 0.68 48North Cannabis -LRB- OTC : NCNNF -RRB- shares closed up 7.69 % at $ 0.14 Australis Capital -LRB- OTC : AUSAF -RRB- shares closed up 7.58 % at $ 0.13 Icanic Brands -LRB- OTC : ICNAF -RRB- shares closed up 6.36 % at $ 0.18 Grindrod Shipping Hldgs -LRB- NASDAQ : GRIN -RRB- shares closed up 5.03 % at $ 3.55 Alcanna -LRB- OTC : LQSIF -RRB- shares closed up 4.8 % at $ 3.49 Cansortium -LRB- OTC : CNTMF -RRB- shares closed up 4.24 % at $ 0.35 ReneSola -LRB- NYSE : SOL -RRB- shares closed up 4.02 % at $ 1.81 Canopy Rivers -LRB- OTC : CNPOF -RRB- shares closed up 3.88 % at $ 0.62 GreenTree Hospitality Gr -LRB- NYSE : GHG -RRB- shares closed up 3.27 % at $ 12.93 World Acceptance -LRB- NASDAQ : WRLD -RRB- shares closed up 3.21 % at $ 91.89 Corbus Pharmaceuticals -LRB- NASDAQ : CRBP -RRB- shares closed up 2.87 % at $ 7.71 Losers : Nova Mentis Life Science -LRB- OTC : LIBFF -RRB- shares closed down 19.65 % at $ 0.127 Charlottes Web Holdings -LRB- OTC : CWBHF -RRB- shares closed down 7.35 % at $ 3.54 Cresco Labs -LRB- OTC : CRLBF -RRB- shares closed down 6.85 % at $ 7.13 EnWave -LRB- OTC : NWVCF -RRB- shares closed down 6.52 % at $ 0.74 OrganiGram Holdings -LRB- NASDAQ : OGI -RRB- shares closed down 6.16 % at $ 1.37 NexTech AR Solns -LRB- OTC : NEXCF -RRB- shares closed down 5.99 % at $ 4.55 Greenlane Holdings -LRB- NASDAQ : GNLN -RRB- shares closed down 5.96 % at $ 2.84 cbdMd , Inc. -LRB- AMEX : YCBD -RRB- shares closed down 5.12 % at $ 2.76 Curaleaf Holdings -LRB- OTC : CURLF -RRB- shares closed down 4.12 % at $ 8.48 Origin Agritech -LRB- NASDAQ : SEED -RRB- shares closed down 4.15 % at $ 10.17 Delta 9 Cannabis -LRB- OTC : VRNDF -RRB- shares closed down 4 % at $ 0.45 CV Sciences -LRB- OTC : CVSI -RRB- shares closed down 3.68 % at $ 0.65", "url": "https://www.benzinga.com/markets/cannabis/20/08/17164852/cannabis-stock-gainers-and-losers-from-august-19-2020", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.3121423313766174, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sperm': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhVRzVl", "stitle": "Ask a Doctor : Problems with medical marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "ask a doctor : problem with medical marijuana", "seg_content": "Question : Use of medical marijuana has become more common . What are the problems with the use of cannabis that people worry about ? -- Rhonda , of Lima Yes , Rhonda , medical marijuana use has become more common . It is a big topic . We will deal with only some areas here . Some states have legalized the medical use of marijuana . The approved conditions differ state to state . Only state-approved dispensaries can dispense medical marijuana . Only doctors who are licensed to prescribe medical marijuana can prescribe it . It seems more people are using the drug than are prescribed . Dronabinol -LRB- Marinol , the synthetic THC -RRB- was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for oral administration in the treatment of anorexia . In this disease there is loss of appetite associated with weight loss as well as in patients with AIDS . It is also approved for nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy in those patients who have failed to respond adequately to conventional treatments for nausea . There are many other conditions that are treated by medical marijuana . This is not the place to discuss them all . There are some contraindications to use of medical marijuana . Based on known adverse effects of recreational cannabis use , it seems prudent to avoid recommending medical cannabis to individuals with a history of schizophrenia . It is contraindicated if there is a history a recent acute myocardial infarction . It should not be used if a person has irregular heartbeats . It is best not to use for people who must drive or operate heavy machinery . It may lead to accidents . THC is not entirely safe . THC has potential drug to drug interactions with some other medications . THC has a sedative effect . It is a central nervous system depressant ; THC increases the sedative effects of other central nervous system depressants such as alcohol and tranquilizers like benzodiazepines . It not advisable to combine use of alcohol and sedatives with THC or cannabis . This additive interaction is especially relevant when driving or operating heavy machinery . Cannabis has become one of the most used illegal psychoactive substance , used by an estimated 192 million individuals worldwide . It is not right . Public education is needed to stem the tide . Rates of cannabis use in the United States are higher in young adult men with low incomes and no college education than among other population groups . Approximately one in eight current regular cannabis users develops a cannabis use disorder . Cannabis use before age 17 years is strongly associated with lower educational attainment and increased use of other drugs . Individuals with cannabis use or cannabis use disorder often use other psychoactive substances , especially alcohol and tobacco . They are all harmful . Cannabis acutely impairs attention , concentration , episodic memory , associative learning and motor coordination in a dose-dependent manner . Long-term cannabis use is associated with impairment of verbal memory and cognitive processing speed . But there is hope because it resolves after at least a month of abstinence . Substantial evidence suggests that chronic cannabis use , especially during adolescence , is associated with later development of schizophrenia . Cannabis use is associated with injury and death from motor vehicle accidents . Cannabis smoking is associated with acute , transient respiratory symptoms . Cannabis smoking acutely increases sympathetic activity and myocardial oxygen demand and is associated with a small increased risk of myocardial infarction and stroke . Cannabis use is also associated with periodontal disease and a lower sperm count . Some obstetricians are reporting that many pregnant women are using cannabis . They should not . Many folks who use cannabis have other chronic diseases . They delay coming to the hospital when they need to and end up with more serious problems . Let us hope people can be more careful by better education . Suman Kumar Mishr MD , Fellow of American College of Endocrinology . Cridersville , Ohio", "url": "https://www.limaohio.com/features/health/423326/ask-a-doctor-problems-with-medical-marijuana", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9997591376304626}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9997591376304626}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.017567259846502176, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhVU89E", "stitle": "Lawmakers Try to Hash Out Competing Versions of Cannabis Bill", "seg_title_stem": "lawmaker try to hash out compete version of Cannabis Bill", "seg_content": "The lawmakers seeking common ground on ways to establish a legal recreational cannabis market in Vermont opened their first meeting Wednesday by stressing how much they agree on . `` We 're here today to discuss differences between the bodies , '' Rep. John Gannon -LRB- D-Wilmington -RRB- said . `` But I think it 's important to appreciate how fundamentally close we are in many ways with respect to the bill . '' Sen. Dick Sears -LRB- D-Bennington -RRB- said that many of the differences amounted to little more than `` word-smithing '' that could be ironed out easily enough . But it quickly became clear the House and Senate remain deeply divided on a number of core issues that could prove significant hurdles to forging a compromise during the brief upcoming legislative budget session . At one point , the House proposal to allow police to stop drivers for not wearing seatbelts seemed perilously close to scuttling the whole effort . Sears called the inclusion of the provision `` disappointing '' and a `` a huge stumbling block '' that the Senate had long opposed . He said he was n't about to give police another reason to pull people over in the current climate surrounding racial justice . Gannon argued that it was an important safety issue for House members , contending the rule would increase seatbelt usage and lower highway fatalities . But Sen. Jeanette White -LRB- D-Windham -RRB- lambasted the idea as having nothing to do with taxing and regulating an adult cannabis market . `` This is a deal breaker for us , so if the House is going to insist on this provision , then we might as well walk away today , '' Sears said . That did n't happen , and for now they agreed to disagree on the issue . Two more sessions of the six-member conference committee are scheduled over the next two weeks . But the episode highlighted how far apart the two sides remain on a range of issues , including tax rates , how the revenue should be spent and local control of cannabis businesses . The Senate has been frustrated by how long it has taken the House to draft its version of the bill . The Senate passed S. 54 in March 2019 , and the House passed its version a year later . The House has added a number of regulations meant to address perceived risks that seemed to baffle senators . Upon hearing of a requirement for the Cannabis Control Board to issue a report on establishing minimum CBD levels in cannabis products to prevent `` cannabis induced psychosis , '' Sears dropped his head into his hand in exasperation . Moments later he shook his head and smiled at the requirement for the board to explore prohibitions of the sale of cannabis-related paraphernalia by non-cannabis retailers . The two chambers also differ strongly on the key issue of local control . The Senate version has an opt-out provision for towns that want to prohibit some or all cannabis business . The House version envisions an opt-in system where towns would have to decide to allow retail shops before applications would be entertained . Sen. Joe Benning -LRB- R-Caledonia -RRB- imagined himself as a cannabis entrepreneur trying to set up shop in Vermont and needing to wait until an individual town had warned and voted to approve such businesses . `` It seems to me if you 're going to work to kill this altogether , the best way to kill it would be to throw an obstacle statewide at every entrepreneur '' like the provision in the House bill , he said . Sears agreed the provision seemed problematic and might lead to retailers putting political pressure on towns to vote in favor of allowing such establishments . Towns could also impose huge impact fees on applicants in such situations , which , `` for lack of better term , it 's kind of a bribe to the town , '' Sears said . The two sides also have stark differences on how cannabis would be taxed . The Senate bill envisions taxes of up to 18 percent -- a 16 percent excise tax for the state , with the money going to the general fund , and a 2 percent sales tax for cites and towns that approve it . The House version is 20 percent , with a 14-percent excise tax and an up to 6-percent sales tax . Sears noted the two proposals are not far apart numerically , but a House requirement that 30 percent of the excise tax be spent by the Substance Misuse Prevention Oversight and Advisory Council was nonstarter for senators eying lean budget years ahead . `` I 'm concerned about giving 30 percent of the revenue to an advisory group to determine how it 's spent , '' Sears said . `` That bothers me very much . '' Despite the differences , the tone of the meeting remained largely productive and collegial . `` We 've almost got you to say yes a few times , here , Dick , '' joked Rep. Rob LeClair -LRB- R - Barre -RRB- . `` I 'd deny that , '' Sears deadpanned .", "url": "https://www.sevendaysvt.com/OffMessage/archives/2020/08/19/lawmakers-try-to-hash-out-competing-versions-of-cannabis-bill", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 0.9894780516624451}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 0.9894780516624451}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11118974317120477, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhVW9xX", "stitle": "Babe : Andy Dalton is home", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Andy Dalton be home", "seg_content": "When you think of NFL Quarterback Andy Dalton a few things come to mind . First his flaming red hair ... . and second his multiple years as the starter for the Cincinnati Bengals . What you might not think of , is Andy Dalton , of the Dallas Cowboys . That 's right , the nine year NFL front man is now Dak Prescott 's backup in Dallas . Dalton seems happy with his new role ... but even happier to be home in his native Texas . Former Cowboys Quarterback and Cowboys broadcasters Babe Laufenberg explains ... .", "url": "https://www.fox44news.com/sports/silver-star-nation/babe-andy-dalton-is-home/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11118974317120477, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhVWG3N", "stitle": "Babe : Andy Dalton is home", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Andy Dalton be home", "seg_content": "When you think of NFL Quarterback Andy Dalton a few things come to mind . First his flaming red hair ... . and second his multiple years as the starter for the Cincinnati Bengals . What you might not think of , is Andy Dalton , of the Dallas Cowboys . That 's right , the nine year NFL front man is now Dak Prescott 's backup in Dallas . Dalton seems happy with his new role ... but even happier to be home in his native Texas . Former Cowboys Quarterback and Cowboys broadcasters Babe Laufenberg explains ... .", "url": "https://www.yourbasin.com/sports/silver-star-nation/babe-andy-dalton-is-home/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08737642799550109, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhVWKaH", "stitle": "Babe : Andy Dalton is home", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Andy Dalton be home", "seg_content": "When you think of NFL Quarterback Andy Dalton a few things come to mind . First his flaming red hair ... . and second his multiple years as the starter for the Cincinnati Bengals . What you might not think of , is Andy Dalton , of the Dallas Cowboys . That 's right , the nine year NFL front man is now Dak Prescott 's backup in Dallas . Dalton seems happy with his new role ... but even happier to be home in his native Texas . Former Cowboys Quarterback and Cowboys broadcasters Babe Laufenberg explains ... .", "url": "https://www.texomashomepage.com/sports/babe-andy-dalton-is-home/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11118974317120477, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhVfr1B", "stitle": "Babe : Andy Dalton is home", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Andy Dalton be home", "seg_content": "When you think of NFL Quarterback Andy Dalton a few things come to mind . First his flaming red hair ... . and second his multiple years as the starter for the Cincinnati Bengals . What you might not think of , is Andy Dalton , of the Dallas Cowboys . That 's right , the nine year NFL front man is now Dak Prescott 's backup in Dallas . Dalton seems happy with his new role ... but even happier to be home in his native Texas . Former Cowboys Quarterback and Cowboys broadcasters Babe Laufenberg explains ... .", "url": "https://www.conchovalleyhomepage.com/sports/silver-star-nation/babe-andy-dalton-is-home/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11534074752117017, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'nipple': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhVkRei", "stitle": "Breast cancer can be inherited through gene mutations", "seg_title_stem": "breast cancer can be inherit through gene mutation", "seg_content": "While millions of people are breast cancer survivors , it remains one of the most common cancers affecting women . Regardless of the high survival rate of breast cancer , I often hear misconceptions or myths about the disease . In this day and age of online information , it 's easy to get bombarded by what I often refer to as `` Dr. Google . '' It 's important to have the facts and dispel common myths surrounding breast cancer . -- Myth No. 1 : You 'll get breast cancer only if you have a family history . Breast cancer can not be inherited , but a higher risk of developing it can be inherited through gene mutations . Only 5 percent to 10 percent of cancers are from inherited gene mutations , and about 85 percent of women who are diagnosed with breast cancer do not have a family history of this disease . If you have a strong family history of cancer , genetic testing can identify your risk for certain types of cancer , including breast and ovarian . The testing provides information and the opportunity not only to reduce the risk of cancer , but also to save lives . Detecting cancer early is one of the most important things people can do to protect their health and significantly increase the chances of successful outcomes . -- Myth No. 2 : If you are diagnosed with breast cancer , you must have your breasts removed . A breast cancer diagnosis does not automatically result in a mastectomy . Most women diagnosed with breast cancer will need some form of surgery as part of their treatment , but it will vary with each case . Some women need removal of a small piece of breast tissue -LRB- lumpectomy -RRB- , while others will need one or both breasts removed , and possibly lymph nodes . The type and stage of the cancer will determine the need for a mastectomy . Your breast surgeon and you will determine what type of surgery is best for you . -- Myth No. 3 : Lumps in your breasts means you have breast cancer . In truth , there are many conditions that may cause breast lumps , and for women under 30 , lumps are typically benign -LRB- non-cancerous -RRB- . Additionally , it 's important to pay attention to other less-known symptoms of breast cancer , including change in breast size , shape or color ; nipple color change , nipple retraction and/or discharge ; dimpled skin near the breast ; an underarm lump ; and isolated pain . If you experience any unusual pain or change in your breast , you should consult a physician . While these are common symptoms of breast cancer , changes in your breasts can also indicate other non-cancerous conditions . If you need to further investigate , the Breast Center with Midland Health can provide you the services necessary to give you answers . Myth No. 4 : Breast cancer only affects women . Breast cancer is more common in women ; however , men can also be diagnosed . About 1 in 1,000 men will be diagnosed with breast cancer in his lifetime . It was estimated in 2018 , that about 2,500 new cases of invasive breast cancer would be diagnosed in men , and nearly 500 men would die from breast cancer . Breast cancer can have a huge impact on the lives of those diagnosed and their families , but with regular screenings and advanced technology and treatments , more people than ever are surviving this disease . Early detection saves lives . Dr. Phillip Chae is with Texas Oncology -- Allison Cancer Center .", "url": "https://www.mrt.com/news/health_and_wellness/article/Breast-cancer-can-be-inherited-through-gene-15493540.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.08157303116117992, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhVyFoI", "stitle": "Babe : Andy Dalton is home", "seg_title_stem": "Babe : Andy Dalton be home", "seg_content": "When you think of NFL Quarterback Andy Dalton a few things come to mind . First his flaming red hair ... . and second his multiple years as the starter for the Cincinnati Bengals . What you might not think of , is Andy Dalton , of the Dallas Cowboys . That 's right , the nine year NFL front man is now Dak Prescott 's backup in Dallas . Dalton seems happy with his new role ... but even happier to be home in his native Texas . Former Cowboys Quarterback and Cowboys broadcasters Babe Laufenberg explains ... .", "url": "https://www.ktsm.com/silver-star-nation/babe-andy-dalton-is-home/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.17441917205600987, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhW4p2E", "stitle": "Should You Be Concerned About Weed Killer In Hummus ?", "seg_title_stem": "should you be concerned about weed killer in Hummus ?", "seg_content": "You may have seen headlines claiming that hummus is n't safe to eat . The Environmental Working Group -LRB- EWG -RRB- claims store-bought hummus contains levels of glyphosate , a commonly used herbicide , that are unsafe . Here 's a look into those claims , and advice on buying hummus at the store . First Things First : You Should You Still Eat Store-Bought Hummus It should be noted that the EWG states that the health benefits of hummus and chickpeas outweigh health concerns people may have due to their report . In addition , the glyphosate levels are below those set by the authority of the EPA . As such , you can safely continue to consume commercial hummus as part of a balanced diet . But Is There Herbicide In Hummus ? The EWG commissions an independent lab to check for glyphosate regularly . According to the International Agency for Research on Cancer -LRB- IARC -RRB- , glyphosate is classified as a `` probable human carcinogen . '' According to the EWG , more than 80 % of non-organic hummus and chickpea samples tested had glyphosate and far lower amounts were found in organic versions . One-third of the 27 conventional hummus samples exceeded the EWG 's set benchmark of 160 parts per billion -LRB- ppb -RRB- for daily consumption , based on one 60 gram serving of hummus -LRB- about 4 tablespoons -RRB- . However , EWG 's set benchmark is well below that of the Environmental Protection Agency -LRB- EPA -RRB- which is 5,000 ppb . Twelve brands of organic hummus and six organic chickpea samples were tested and all but two contained detectable concentrations of glyphosate . The EWG concluded that pre-harvest use of glyphosate should be banned and the EPA 's standards should be much stricter . According to Bayer U.S. toxicologist and science communicator , Bill Reeves , PhD , regulatory authorities have strict rules when it comes to pesticide residues . `` In the U.S. , the EPA sets daily exposure limits at least 100 times below levels shown to have no negative effect in safety studies . Even at the highest level reported in the hummus samples -LRB- 2,379 ppb -RRB- , an adult would have to eat 64 pounds of hummus every day for the rest of their life to reach the strict limits set by the EPA . '' Should You Be Concerned About Glyphosate in Food ? In January 2020 , as part of the lastest routine registration review of glyphosate the EPA stated , `` Due to its widespread use , trace amounts of glyphosate residues may be found in various fresh fruits , vegetables , cereals and other food and beverage commodities . However , these trace amounts are not of concern for the consumer . The EPA conducted a highly conservative dietary risk assessment for glyphosate that evaluated all populations , including infants , children and women of child-bearing age . EPA assumed that 100 percent of all registered crops were treated with glyphosate , that residues were at the tolerance level for each crop , and that residues in drinking water were from direct application of glyphosate to water . These assumptions would lead to much higher estimated levels of exposure than would be expected to occur with actual use . The resulting conservative estimates of dietary exposure were not of concern . '' In addition , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- monitors the U.S. food supply to make sure that residue levels do n't exceed the EPA 's limits . In September 2019 , the FDA published the results of its annual Pesticide Residue Monitoring Program and noted that all detectable glyphosate reside levels were below tolerance levels set by the EPA . Toby Amidor , MS , RD , CDN , is a registered dietitian and consultant who specializes in food safety and culinary nutrition . She is the author of The Greek Yogurt Kitchen : More Than 130 Delicious , Healthy Recipes for Every Meal of the Day . * This article was written and/or reviewed by an independent registered dietitian nutritionist .", "url": "https://www.foodnetwork.com/healthyeats/news/contaminated-hummus-safe-to-eat", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 0.5906398892402649}, "second_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education": 0.5906398892402649}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_Other": 0.5906398892402649}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05589333749690677, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhWABQN", "stitle": "Man charged with knifepoint sex assault of 20-year-old outside her home , cops say", "seg_title_stem": "man charge with knifepoint sex assault of 20-year-old outside she home , cop say", "seg_content": "A knife-wielding man sexually assaulted a 20-year-old stranger outside her home earlier this month in Perth Amboy , authorities said Wednesday . Ricardo Powell was arrested Tuesday and charged with offenses including aggravated sexual assault , aggravated criminal sexual contact , criminal restraint and weapons offenses , according to Middlesex County Prosecutor Yolanda Ciccone and city Police Chief Roman McKeon . Powell , 33 , attacked the woman around 12:40 a.m. Aug. 9 in the city , according to authorities . `` The suspect was unknown to the victim , '' the officials said in a joint statement announcing the arrest . Powell , a Perth Amboy resident , was jailed at the Middlesex County Adult Corrections Center ahead of a hearing in Superior Court . Authorities did not disclose more information about the investigation , which the prosecutor and police chief said was continuing . Anyone with information was asked to call Perth Amboy police Detective Manny Lopez at 732-324-3800 or prosecutor 's office Detective Amanda Espinosa at 732-745-8083 . Our journalism needs your support . Please subscribe today to NJ.com . Noah Cohen may be reached at ncohen@njadvancemedia.com .", "url": "https://www.nj.com/middlesex/2020/08/man-charged-with-knifepoint-sex-assault-of-20-year-old-outside-her-home-cops-say.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07644409996883472, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhWEQHC", "stitle": "Man arrested for child sex crimes in Colorado Springs", "seg_title_stem": "man arrest for child sex crime in Colorado Springs", "seg_content": "COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo. -LRB- KRDO -RRB- -- Colorado Springs police arrested a man accused of child sex crimes this past weekend . On August 11th , the CSPD Internet Crimes Against Children Unit got a warrant to arrest 52-year-old Jason Eric Williamson . A few days later , on August 15 , police arrested Williamson for suspected Sexual Exploitation of a Child for possessing Child Sex Abuse Material . He is currently being held in the El Paso County jail on a $ 15,000 bond .", "url": "https://krdo.com/news/local-news/2020/08/19/man-arrested-for-child-sex-crimes-in-colorado-springs/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1384791060341332, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhWJEK1", "stitle": "Bright Eyes Gets Down in the Weeds", "seg_title_stem": "bright eye get down in the weed", "seg_content": "One of the youngest songwriters ever signed to a publishing deal with prestigious Sony/ATV , Conor Oberst has been writing music furiously for almost his entire life . What was once just his scrappy bedroom recordings has grown into a full band again . For their 10th record -LRB- and first in 10 years -RRB- , Oberst is joined by a massive ensemble including drummer Jon Theodore , bassist Flea , Nate Walcott , The Watson Twins and more . While the music behind him is huge , bursting with horns and large parts -LRB- the sweltering `` Mariana Trench '' -RRB- , Oberst 's writing remains like it always has , edgy and highly literate . As he quivers over his history -LRB- `` One And Done '' -RRB- or even our history , `` Weeds '' secures his place again . Bright Eyes Down in the Weeds Where the World Once Was -LRB- LP/CD -RRB- -LRB- Cooking Vinyl/The Orchard -RRB- Josh Turner Country State of Mind -LSB- CD -RSB- -LRB- MCA Nashville -RRB- Tim McGraw Here On Earth -LSB- CD -RSB- -LRB- Big Machine -RRB- Here , in a nutshell , is what is wrong with Country music . Josh Turner is blessed with a fantastic basso profundo voice that radiates warmth and just a hint of that roughhewn style of the Old West . Turner has a couple of Platinum albums and a succession of seven Top 3 LPs . So he drums up a tribute to his idols on this album . While Turner does choose well in duetting with John Anderson , Kris Kristofferson , and even skewing younger with Maddie & Tae , Country Radio still plays many of these songs . Still , it is quite fantastic to hear Turner record with Randy Travis , who has not been in a studio in the seven years following a stroke . Tim McGraw has a storied career . A string of No. 1 singles , sojourns into acting and even the unique honor of a cross-genre duet with Nelly -LRB- `` Over and Over . '' -RRB- 80 million records later , McGraw keeps making songs that try to sound cavernous and anthemic . In addition , while they all search for a deeper meaning -LRB- which is honorable -RRB- , songs like the title track try too hard to tell a story with no real narrative threads -LRB- its jaunt through time is similar to his classic `` Do n't Take The Girl . '' -RRB- . While a track like `` I Called Mama '' finds its voice in writing a song for only McGraw to sing for `` the blue sky . '' The best music from McGraw has always been sentimental . `` Here On Earth '' is another album that runs the gamut of familiarity , which could be comforting to some . However , with so many songs about what it is like to get old , etc. coming from the all-star bench of songwriters , it would be a real change of pace to hear one from McGraw 's pen that he sings to blue skies . GET A JUMP ON RECORD STORE DAY This year 's observance of Record Store Day has been split into three separate days . Call it social distancing if you like . We call it `` the more , the merrier . '' Our first RSD DROP is coming Saturday , August 29th and it promises a plethora of fantastic releases . Here 's just a handful to hold on to but hold on tight because the day is coming up FAST . David Bowie I 'm Only Dancing -LRB- The Soul Tour 74 -RRB- -LSB- LP -RSB- -LRB- Parlophone -RRB- Bowie releases are no stranger to RSD . However , with every reissue , the archives spit out another scintillating live set . `` The Soul Tour 74 '' is an awesome feat . It 's the Michigan Palace in Detroit Rock City Fall 1974 . The `` Diamond Dogs '' tour was an elaborate stage show that grew a little too heavy over time . So , to lighten things up , Bowie stripped his show down to its bare minimum . Having started recording `` Young Americans '' at the famous Sigma Sound in Philadelphia , `` The Soul Tour '' saw the first appearance of several of those tracks as well . His `` Plastic Soul '' now shortened to `` Soul , '' this is Bowie coming into his own as a live performer with a band that will stay with him at least until the end of the ` 70 's . Billie Eilish Live at Third Man Records -LSB- LP -RSB- -LRB- Darkroom/Interscope -RRB- She 's a multiple Grammy winner . Her songs appear on the radio and internet and like magic , immediately move into the heaviest rotation . While her stage show is elaborate , one can not help but listen to `` When We All Fall Asleep , Where Do We Go '' without hearing how these crystalline , labyrinthian productions all begin , for the most part , with a simple song traded between Billie and her brother Finneas . In November 2019 , Billie and Finneas made a rare appearance at Third Man Records in Nashville . They recorded the acoustic set straight to vinyl , and that record is finally being released . John Prine The Atlantic Albums -LSB- LP BOX -RSB- -LRB- Rhino -RRB- We lost the mythic songwriter , but his songs live on in this elegantly compiled box set of his first four albums . He was a humble postman who worked on jeeps in Germany . Given that point of view , Prine was witty and wise beyond his years . Some would say he was playing Folk music ten years too late . He would only write what he knew . `` John Prine '' lives on as a testament to THE singer/songwriter . `` Diamonds in The Rough '' introduces Bluegrass in his fervent imagination . `` Sweet Revenge '' is an indicator of his maturation . `` Common Sense '' is the last , best try at commercial success only to drain Prine to almost give it all up . Fortunately , he did not and fortunately these four classics will be back in print for a limited time . Mik Davis is the record store manager at T-Bones Records & Cafe .", "url": "https://www.hubcityspokes.com/bright-eyes-gets-down-weeds", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 0.9617714285850525}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07893709377861485, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'lingerie': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhWVV5G", "stitle": "How L Brands Put Such Surprising Sizzle Into Its Earnings", "seg_title_stem": "how L Brands put such surprising Sizzle Into its earnings", "seg_content": "Victoria 's Secret parent L Brands -LRB- NYSE : LB -RRB- showed some of its old zing today when posting its second-quarter results , beating consensus analyst estimates by a large margin on earnings per share -LRB- EPS -RRB- and a smaller amount in revenues . Despite the ongoing toll of COVID-19 on Q2 sales , the company reported adjusted EPS of $ 0.25 , beating the Zacks analyst estimate of a $ 0.34 loss per share by $ 0.59 and delivering a 173 % positive surprise . L Brands ' net sales dropped 20 % from $ 2.90 billion in Q2 2019 to this year 's $ 2.32 billion , but still beat analyst predictions of $ 2.27 billion . Despite the sales dip due to store closures in the earlier parts of the quarter , however , adjusted EPS still rose $ 0.01 year over year . Also , $ 205.7 million in Q2 2020 operating income overshot 2019 's $ 174.6 million , and this year 's $ 69.0 million in net sales rose 2.07 % year over year . The troubled Victoria 's Secret brand was n't the source of L Brands ' surprisingly strong Q2 results , with its sales plunging 39 % . Even during the part of the quarter when its stores were open , the lingerie brand 's comparable sales , or comps , were down 10 % . Instead , it was the Bath & Body Works brand that cleaned up financially for L Brands . Its `` direct business '' generated sales soaring 191 % over Q2 2019 's figure , while comps showed 87 % year-over-year gains once stores reopened , and the brand 's overall comparable sales of $ 1.197 billion for the whole quarter rose 13 % year over year . The figures support L Brands ' ongoing commitment to focus on strengthening Bath & Body Works while spinning off Victoria 's Secret . L Brands ' shares ended the day up 1.03 % and continue to climb in after-hours trading . Rhian Hunt has no position in any of the stocks mentioned . The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned . The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . SPONSORED : 10 stocks we like better than L Brands When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip , it can pay to listen . After all , the newsletter they have run for over a decade , Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market . * David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now ... and L Brands was n't one of them ! That 's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys . * Stock Advisor returns as of August 1 , 2020 Video : Oppenheimer 's Brian Nagel breaks down Lowe 's Q2 earnings beat -LRB- CNBC -RRB-", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/topstocks/how-l-brands-put-such-surprising-sizzle-into-its-earnings/ar-BB18a8uy", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"BusinessEconomy": 1.0000097751617432}, "second_cat": {"BusinessEconomy_Other": 1.0000097751617432}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0585554350293782, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhWXqvL", "stitle": "20 arrested in sex-offender compliance operation , more arrests expected", "seg_title_stem": "20 arrest in sex-offender compliance operation , more arrest expect", "seg_content": "LUBBOCK , Texas -LRB- KCBD -RRB- - A four-day sex offender compliance operation with federal , state and local law enforcement led to 20 arrests in Lubbock County . The operation started on Aug. 10 and lasted through Aug. 13 . Law enforcement personnel made contact with more than 450 registered sex offenders in Lubbock County to check their compliance with state laws . Approximately 40 investigations have been generated for sex offenders who were found to be non-compliant via the state of Texas as well as the U.S. Marshals Service . More arrests are expected as a result of this operation . The multi-agency enforcement included joint efforts by the United States Marshals Service - North Texas Fugitive Task Force , Lone Star Fugitive Task Force , Lubbock Police Department , Lubbock County Sheriff 's Office , the Criminal Investigations Division of Texas Department of Public Safety and Buffalo Springs Lake Police Department . Here is a list of those arrested : Ricky Flores - failure to comply Rueben Ortiz - failure to comply Wildafredo Rivera - failure to comply James Shannone - failure to comply Roy Lindal - failure to comply , police department warrant Tino Barros - failure to comply Isaac Rodriguez - failure to comply Cory Sandefur - failure to comply , arrested for FTC from Hutcherson Co warrant Carlos Flores - failure to comply Gustavo Jimenez - failure to comply Gorge Garcia - failure to comply , arrested for possession of marijuana Tom Ford - failure to comply Eddie Ontivarious - failure to comply Billy Samples - failure to comply and arrested for gun charge Jimmy Sifuentes - failure to comply Broderick Stevenson - failure to comply Aaron Pulley - failure to comply Christopher Ramos - felony warrant Robert Cortiaz - failure to comply Conrad Martinez - failure to comply", "url": "https://www.newschannel6now.com/2020/08/19/arrested-sex-offender-compliance-operation-more-arrests-expected/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.02170420387570742, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhWZIHZ", "stitle": "Fossil Butte National Monument Is A Scenic Outdoor Spot In Wyoming That 's A Nature Lover 's Dream Come True", "seg_title_stem": "Fossil Butte National Monument be a scenic outdoor spot in Wyoming that be a Nature Lover 's dream come true", "seg_content": "Are you a nature lover ? If you live in Wyoming , the answer is almost certainly yes . The Cowboy State is surrounded by stunning nature , with plenty of state and national parks to explore . Fossil Butte National Monument is the state 's newest national monument , and it 's perfect not only for nature lovers but for those curious about our prehistoric past . We 're aware that these uncertain times are limiting many aspects of life as we all practice social and physical distancing . While we 're continuing to feature destinations that make our state wonderful , we do n't expect or encourage you to go check them out immediately . We believe that supporting local attractions is important now more than ever and we hope our articles inspire your future adventures ! And on that note , please nominate your favorite local business that could use some love right now : https://www.onlyinyourstate.com/nominate/", "url": "https://www.onlyinyourstate.com/wyoming/fossil-butte-national-monument-in-wy/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9735816717147827}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9735816717147827}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.15936545425547322, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhWdiOJ", "stitle": "Jake Butt hopes to follow Thomas Davis as player who has overcome three ACL surgeries", "seg_title_stem": "Jake Butt hope to follow Thomas Davis as player who have overcome three acl surgery", "seg_content": "ENGLEWOOD , Colo. -- For Broncos tight end Jake Butt , the tough number is three . After three NFL years , he 's played in just three games for the Broncos . In his football life he 's had three ACL surgeries . Yet , Butt keeps playing . The obvious question is , Why ? Why put yourself through all that pain and rehab agony , merely for a chance ? And a longshot chance at that . `` It 's a really good question because there were a lot of days that I wanted to quit , '' Butt said in a Zoom call with members of the Denver media Wednesday . `` There were a lot of days that I was really down on myself , questioning myself , questioning why I 'm even doing this kind of thing . `` For me , it 's my support group , my teammates , my friends and maybe just a little bit of craziness that I 've had implanted in me from my parents and my family growing up . You ca n't quit and just show up tomorrow . `` It might not be the best day and the path might not be linear . You 're going to have some down days , but eventually you 're going to go back up . I 'm really happy I stuck with it because I do feel really , really good out there . I feel like I can still play in this league and contribute . I can even get much better than what I 'm playing right now . That 's a lesson I definitely learned through this and everybody can learn . Bad days are going to come and tough days are going to come , but you ca n't quit . You just have to keep showing up . '' It 's not just Butt who has preserved . The Broncos have hung in there with him . A player with lesser character would n't have received so many chances . And Broncos ' general manager John Elway and his top assistant Matt Russell remember Butt 's talent from his days at Michigan . Butt has performed well in training camp , although he 's had a couple catchable balls that he never would let get away when he was in his playing groove . `` I still have to get used to running around and catching a ball with guys on my hip , catching a ball in traffic , running down field and getting used to that contact , '' he said . `` No matter what you do throughout the whole offseason , you ca n't really replicate that in live 11-on-11 drills . '' It wo n't be easy for him to make the roster as tight end jobs are already secured for Noah Fant , Nick Vannett and rookie Albert Okwuegbunam . But there is an expanded practice squad where a veteran like Butt can continue to build strength and confidence . However , it turns out , there is no quit in Jake Butt . Frank Gore tore two ACLs in the same knee at the University of Miami . Fifteen years and more than 15,000 yards later , Gore is on his way to the Pro Football Hall of Fame . That is five years after whenever Gore decides to retire . Butt 's real inspiration , though , was former Carolina Panthers linebacker Thomas Davis suffered his third ACL tear on the same knee in 2011 . Davis started the next eight seasons , earning the first of three straight Pro Bowls and an All Pro in 2015 . He 's still playing , this year with Washington . `` I spoke to Thomas Davis last time when I had my original ACL surgery and he breathed some life into me , '' Butt said . `` There are some examples , but they 're few and far between . It 's a really tough road to go down . You have a lot of mental battles to overcome , but there 's a proven formula . There 's guys out there that have done it , and I 'm trying to follow in their footsteps . ''", "url": "https://www.9news.com/article/sports/nfl/denver-broncos/mike-klis/jake-butt-hopes-to-follow-thomas-davis-as-player-who-has-overcome-three-acl-surgeries/73-1da9c11f-1ed9-4b42-bf68-e42ddaa19d88", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0021962105849640187, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhWf1e1", "stitle": "Butte veterans ' home to open in fall", "seg_title_stem": "Butte veteran ' home to open in fall", "seg_content": "BUTTE , Mont. -- Some Butte veterans can expect new homes this fall as the opening of the Southwest Montana Veterans Home nears . U.S. Senator Jon Tester says the project has been three decades in the making . It was first presented by veteran and former Montana Legislator Bob Pavlovich in 1993 . After years in the making , Tester was able to secure financial backing by the federal government . The project is estimated to cost around $ 20,000,00 . Homes and a community center are being developed on a 10-acre lot . Project managers say that the site will be able to house up to 60 veterans . The center is accepting applications now for those who would like to be considered for when it is finished .", "url": "https://nbcmontana.com/news/local/butte-veterans-home-to-open-in-fall", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.22529136737093614, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhWgds3", "stitle": "Tight end Jake Butt , who debated quitting after another knee surgery , is motivated to earn spot on Broncos ' roster", "seg_title_stem": "tight end Jake Butt , who debate quit after another knee surgery , be motivate to earn spot on bronco ' roster", "seg_content": "As Jake Butt settles back into football following his fourth major knee surgery since college , the Broncos ' tight end admitted Wednesday there were many days he wanted to `` just walk out the building and throw in the towel . '' But healthy once again , Butt said he now embraces the adversity he had to overcome to get back on the field and be in contention to make the Broncos ' roster . `` The hardest part about rehab is it can get a little bit lonely , and that 's where you start to build yourself mentally , '' said Butt , who 's had three ACL repairs and a meniscus cleanup that caused him to miss all of last year 's regular season . `` Throughout all three of my ACLs -LRB- and last year 's surgery -RRB- , I think I 've come out of the rehab more mentally tough than I did going into it . '' After undergoing surgery to remove about 40 % of his meniscus last preseason , Butt was cleared to return late in 2019 but the Broncos elected to hold him out as a precaution . Now entering his fourth year , Butt 's put up a strong performance through the initial handful of practices at training camp , and is running around the field full-speed , sans a knee brace . `` I think Jake is way ahead of where he was last year at this time , '' coach Vic Fangio said . `` He had a great offseason , too . Hopefully we 'll see the real Jake Butt here this season . '' Denver drafted Butt in the fifth round in 2017 -LRB- No. 145 overall -RRB- out of Michigan , but he 's played just three NFL games . `` He 's one of the best teammates that we have in this locker room . For him to push and grind through all the injuries he 's had -LRB- is incredible -RRB- , '' quarterback Drew Lock said . `` Right from the get-go at training camp I could tell he 's not 100 % back to normal -- obviously , you can never get totally back to normal after a knee -LRB- injury -RRB- , but he 's as close as you can possibly get after having those surgeries . The guy is playing some really good ball . '' Behind starter Noah Fant , Butt is competing for time -- and a roster spot -- with fellow tight ends Troy Fumagalli , Nick Vannett and rookie Albert Okwuegbunam . Butt is ready to put his snakebitten past , which includes a torn ACL with the Broncos in 2018 , in the rearview . `` I 'm not looking back , and I do n't have any excuses for myself , '' Butt said . `` For me , I 've got to play better and I 've got to elevate my game . I 've got to go out there and compete every single day . The goal for me now is to make the team ... I 'm trying to continue to push myself to be a better football player . ''", "url": "https://www.journal-advocate.com/2020/08/19/broncos-jake-butt-motivated-in-training-camp/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000098943710327}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.18798956804177122, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'breastfeed': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhXJJjP", "stitle": "Overlake Medical Center opens 1st breast milk distribution site in Washington state", "seg_title_stem": "Overlake Medical Center open 1st breast milk distribution site in Washington state", "seg_content": "BELLEVUE , Wash. -- When 9-month-old Nachi was born at Overlake Medical Center , he ended up in the NICU and was treated for jaundice . Nachi was not able to breastfeed , and he rejected baby formula . His mother , Prashali Moodabettu , was worried he would n't be getting the critical nutrition he needed . `` At that time , my milk had not come in , and he did not know how to latch because we had not made progress on it , '' said Moodabettu . Luckily , Nachi was to able receive donor breast milk through Northwest Mothers Milk Bank in Portland , Oregon . `` So , when there 's that gap in what mom can supply and what baby needs , donor milk is used to protect that very fragile infant gut , especially in our very fragile hospitalized babies , '' said Sandy Salmon , director of Overlake 's Women 's and Infant 's Services . Now , getting donor milk is even easier . Overlake Medical Center has partnered with Northwest Mothers Milk Bank to open Washington state 's first breast milk distribution site right on campus , which means moms can purchase milk if they have a prescription for a medical need after they are discharged and go home . Moms can also donate and drop off the milk right in Bellevue , which means the donor milk comes from local moms and is given to local moms . You do n't need to be a patient at Overlake to receive the donor breast milk . Being able to pick up the milk right in Bellevue means moms are able to get the milk faster . `` Having the milk distribution site here at Overlake makes the ease of getting milk so much better for our parents , '' said Salmon . `` Before they had to get all their milk shipped from Portland and there could be delays in gaps which caused a lot of panic , frustration , and anxiety , which is what we want to alleviate . '' The mother who is donating milk will undergo a screening process and blood tests similar to the screening process used at blood banks . The milk is tested and goes through a thorough pasteurization process to kill any bacteria or viruses . The milk is tested again before it is distributed to hospitals . Moodabettu is now able to donate her breast milk and is about to make her second donation . She said it feels good to give back to other moms in the community . `` There are four steps and it takes about 30 days to go through all the little steps , but it 's totally worth it , '' said Moodabettu . Families who want to purchase donor milk should get a prescription from their medical provider , including the baby 's name , date of birth , diagnosis code , and volume needed . Parents should call the Overlake Mom & Baby Care Center to make sure donor milk is available .", "url": "https://www.krem.com/article/news/local/overlake-medical-center-breast-milk-distribution-site/281-93f3de7c-5d1b-4cb5-aefa-8733f1e7af9c", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9997349381446838, "Society": 0.9676075577735901}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9997349381446838, "Society_Relationships": 0.9676075577735901}, "third_cat": {"Society_Relationships_Family": 0.8989834785461426}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.052514810246914116, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhXNxSH", "stitle": "Boarding for Breast Cancer to Host 16th Annual Virtual Skate the Lake", "seg_title_stem": "board for breast cancer to Host 16th annual virtual skate the Lake", "seg_content": "Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 nonprofit foundation providing breast cancer education , prevention and survivor support programs for young people , announced they will be hosting their 16th annual Skate the Lake event VIRTUALLY today . GARDENA , Calif. -LRB- PRWEB -RRB- August 19 , 2020 Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 nonprofit foundation providing breast cancer education , prevention and survivor support programs for young people , announced they will be hosting their 16th annual Skate the Lake event VIRTUALLY today . Historically this beloved community event is a 28-mile skate bike roll around beautiful Lake Tahoe and the majestic Truckee River . Due to COVID-19 this year 's event will be 100 % VIRTUAL ! Let your local trail , path , or neighborhood serve as the setting for the push to fundraise and raise awareness for breast cancer prevention . Skate Bike Roll on August 29 in the spirit of Skate the Lake whether that is 28 miles , 7 miles or even just a few laps around your block ! B4BC welcomes people to join in the efforts of reaching their fundraising goal of $ 30K for their education , prevention , and survivorship programs by registering or donating USING THIS LINK . Each participant is required to raise or donate a minimum of $ 25 to join in the fun , and registration prior to August 21st is encouraged to secure a special B4BC branded face covering and an entry to win a Yeti cooler . `` We are excited to be hosting the 16th Annual Skate the Lake VIRTUALLY for the first time this year , '' said Lisa Hudson , B4BC President and Co-Founder . Now people worldwide can participate in this awesome event , and get educated on breast cancer prevention while being active in their communities . '' Virtual participation will be celebrated and highlighted on @B4BC 's Instagram story through shared tags #push4b4bc and #skatethelake . There will be incredible partner prizes awarded to the top 3 fundraisers and lots of opportunities to win additional prizes with raffle tickets , spirit and T shirt contests and more . B4BC would like to thank all partners for making VIRTUAL Skate the Lake possible including : Yeti , Traeger Grills , Suja , Tahoe Longboards , The North Face , Pura Vida , Blendtec , Go Pro , Vans , Smith , Gnu , Arbor Collective , VonZipper , Nikita , Dakine , Sector 9 , and lodging Granlibakken Resort , The Village at Squaw , River Ranch Lodge , North Lake Tahoe Resort Association , and many more ! Check out our 2019 Skate the Lake video HERE to see what the magic of this event is all about ! Shareable social assets and event photos can be found HERE . REGISTER / MORE INFO : B4BC.ORG About B4BC : Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- is a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 non-profit organization that advocates early detection and a healthy , active , and conscious lifestyle as the best means of breast cancer prevention . Founded in 1996 , B4BC empowers young people to make positive choices that promote lifelong wellness through grassroots events , educational outreach , sustainability , and survivorship support programs . For the original version on PRWeb visit : https://www.prweb.com/releases/boarding_for_breast_cancer_to_host_16th_annual_virtual_skate_the_lake/prweb17335396.htm", "url": "https://www.mysanantonio.com/business/press-releases/article/Boarding-for-Breast-Cancer-to-Host-16th-Annual-15495548.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.27638919113525806, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhXOMCX", "stitle": "Tight end Jake Butt , who debated quitting after another knee surgery , is motivated to earn spot on Broncos ' roster", "seg_title_stem": "tight end Jake Butt , who debate quit after another knee surgery , be motivate to earn spot on bronco ' roster", "seg_content": "As Jake Butt settles back into football following his fourth major knee surgery since college , the Broncos ' tight end admitted Wednesday there were many days he wanted to `` just walk out the building and throw in the towel . '' But healthy once again , Butt said he now embraces the adversity he had to overcome to get back on the field and be in contention to make the Broncos ' roster . `` The hardest part about rehab is it can get a little bit lonely , and that 's where you start to build yourself mentally , '' said Butt , who 's had three ACL repairs and a meniscus cleanup that caused him to miss all of last year 's regular season . `` Throughout all three of my ACLs -LRB- and last year 's surgery -RRB- , I think I 've come out of the rehab more mentally tough than I did going into it . '' After undergoing surgery to remove about 40 % of his meniscus last preseason , Butt was cleared to return late in 2019 but the Broncos elected to hold him out as a precaution . Now entering his fourth year , Butt 's put up a strong performance through the initial handful of practices at training camp , and is running around the field full-speed , sans a knee brace . `` I think Jake is way ahead of where he was last year at this time , '' coach Vic Fangio said . `` He had a great offseason , too . Hopefully we 'll see the real Jake Butt here this season . '' Denver drafted Butt in the fifth round in 2017 -LRB- No. 145 overall -RRB- out of Michigan , but he 's played just three NFL games . `` He 's one of the best teammates that we have in this locker room . For him to push and grind through all the injuries he 's had -LRB- is incredible -RRB- , '' quarterback Drew Lock said . `` Right from the get-go at training camp I could tell he 's not 100 % back to normal -- obviously , you can never get totally back to normal after a knee -LRB- injury -RRB- , but he 's as close as you can possibly get after having those surgeries . The guy is playing some really good ball . '' Behind starter Noah Fant , Butt is competing for time -- and a roster spot -- with fellow tight ends Troy Fumagalli , Nick Vannett and rookie Albert Okwuegbunam . Butt is ready to put his snakebitten past , which includes a torn ACL with the Broncos in 2018 , in the rearview . `` I 'm not looking back , and I do n't have any excuses for myself , '' Butt said . `` For me , I 've got to play better and I 've got to elevate my game . I 've got to go out there and compete every single day . The goal for me now is to make the team ... I 'm trying to continue to push myself to be a better football player . ''", "url": "https://www.brushnewstribune.com/2020/08/19/broncos-jake-butt-motivated-in-training-camp/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000098943710327}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05637603010073323, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhXYGY5", "stitle": "Boarding for Breast Cancer to Host 16th Annual Virtual Skate the Lake", "seg_title_stem": "board for breast cancer to Host 16th annual virtual skate the Lake", "seg_content": "Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 nonprofit foundation providing breast cancer education , prevention and survivor support programs for young people , announced they will be hosting their 16th annual Skate the Lake event VIRTUALLY today . GARDENA , Calif. -LRB- PRWEB -RRB- August 19 , 2020 Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 nonprofit foundation providing breast cancer education , prevention and survivor support programs for young people , announced they will be hosting their 16th annual Skate the Lake event VIRTUALLY today . Historically this beloved community event is a 28-mile skate bike roll around beautiful Lake Tahoe and the majestic Truckee River . Due to COVID-19 this year 's event will be 100 % VIRTUAL ! Let your local trail , path , or neighborhood serve as the setting for the push to fundraise and raise awareness for breast cancer prevention . Skate Bike Roll on August 29 in the spirit of Skate the Lake whether that is 28 miles , 7 miles or even just a few laps around your block ! B4BC welcomes people to join in the efforts of reaching their fundraising goal of $ 30K for their education , prevention , and survivorship programs by registering or donating USING THIS LINK . Each participant is required to raise or donate a minimum of $ 25 to join in the fun , and registration prior to August 21st is encouraged to secure a special B4BC branded face covering and an entry to win a Yeti cooler . `` We are excited to be hosting the 16th Annual Skate the Lake VIRTUALLY for the first time this year , '' said Lisa Hudson , B4BC President and Co-Founder . Now people worldwide can participate in this awesome event , and get educated on breast cancer prevention while being active in their communities . '' Virtual participation will be celebrated and highlighted on @B4BC 's Instagram story through shared tags #push4b4bc and #skatethelake . There will be incredible partner prizes awarded to the top 3 fundraisers and lots of opportunities to win additional prizes with raffle tickets , spirit and T shirt contests and more . B4BC would like to thank all partners for making VIRTUAL Skate the Lake possible including : Yeti , Traeger Grills , Suja , Tahoe Longboards , The North Face , Pura Vida , Blendtec , Go Pro , Vans , Smith , Gnu , Arbor Collective , VonZipper , Nikita , Dakine , Sector 9 , and lodging Granlibakken Resort , The Village at Squaw , River Ranch Lodge , North Lake Tahoe Resort Association , and many more ! Check out our 2019 Skate the Lake video HERE to see what the magic of this event is all about ! Shareable social assets and event photos can be found HERE . REGISTER / MORE INFO : B4BC.ORG About B4BC : Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- is a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 non-profit organization that advocates early detection and a healthy , active , and conscious lifestyle as the best means of breast cancer prevention . Founded in 1996 , B4BC empowers young people to make positive choices that promote lifelong wellness through grassroots events , educational outreach , sustainability , and survivorship support programs . For the original version on PRWeb visit : https://www.prweb.com/releases/boarding_for_breast_cancer_to_host_16th_annual_virtual_skate_the_lake/prweb17335396.htm", "url": "https://www.chron.com/business/press-releases/article/Boarding-for-Breast-Cancer-to-Host-16th-Annual-15495548.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.052514810246914116, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhXiv0a", "stitle": "Boarding for Breast Cancer to Host 16th Annual Virtual Skate the Lake", "seg_title_stem": "board for breast cancer to Host 16th annual virtual skate the Lake", "seg_content": "Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 nonprofit foundation providing breast cancer education , prevention and survivor support programs for young people , announced they will be hosting their 16th annual Skate the Lake event VIRTUALLY today . GARDENA , Calif. -LRB- PRWEB -RRB- August 19 , 2020 Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 nonprofit foundation providing breast cancer education , prevention and survivor support programs for young people , announced they will be hosting their 16th annual Skate the Lake event VIRTUALLY today . Historically this beloved community event is a 28-mile skate bike roll around beautiful Lake Tahoe and the majestic Truckee River . Due to COVID-19 this year 's event will be 100 % VIRTUAL ! Let your local trail , path , or neighborhood serve as the setting for the push to fundraise and raise awareness for breast cancer prevention . Skate Bike Roll on August 29 in the spirit of Skate the Lake whether that is 28 miles , 7 miles or even just a few laps around your block ! B4BC welcomes people to join in the efforts of reaching their fundraising goal of $ 30K for their education , prevention , and survivorship programs by registering or donating USING THIS LINK . Each participant is required to raise or donate a minimum of $ 25 to join in the fun , and registration prior to August 21st is encouraged to secure a special B4BC branded face covering and an entry to win a Yeti cooler . `` We are excited to be hosting the 16th Annual Skate the Lake VIRTUALLY for the first time this year , '' said Lisa Hudson , B4BC President and Co-Founder . Now people worldwide can participate in this awesome event , and get educated on breast cancer prevention while being active in their communities . '' Virtual participation will be celebrated and highlighted on @B4BC 's Instagram story through shared tags #push4b4bc and #skatethelake . There will be incredible partner prizes awarded to the top 3 fundraisers and lots of opportunities to win additional prizes with raffle tickets , spirit and T shirt contests and more . B4BC would like to thank all partners for making VIRTUAL Skate the Lake possible including : Yeti , Traeger Grills , Suja , Tahoe Longboards , The North Face , Pura Vida , Blendtec , Go Pro , Vans , Smith , Gnu , Arbor Collective , VonZipper , Nikita , Dakine , Sector 9 , and lodging Granlibakken Resort , The Village at Squaw , River Ranch Lodge , North Lake Tahoe Resort Association , and many more ! Check out our 2019 Skate the Lake video HERE to see what the magic of this event is all about ! Shareable social assets and event photos can be found HERE . REGISTER / MORE INFO : B4BC.ORG About B4BC : Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- is a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 non-profit organization that advocates early detection and a healthy , active , and conscious lifestyle as the best means of breast cancer prevention . Founded in 1996 , B4BC empowers young people to make positive choices that promote lifelong wellness through grassroots events , educational outreach , sustainability , and survivorship support programs . For the original version on PRWeb visit : https://www.prweb.com/releases/boarding_for_breast_cancer_to_host_16th_annual_virtual_skate_the_lake/prweb17335396.htm", "url": "https://www.stamfordadvocate.com/business/press-releases/article/Boarding-for-Breast-Cancer-to-Host-16th-Annual-15495548.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05154485374175832, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhXyEvL", "stitle": "Breast cancer : One-dose radiotherapy ` as effective as full course '", "seg_title_stem": "breast cancer : one-dose radiotherapy ` as effective as full course '", "seg_content": "A single targeted dose of radiotherapy could be as effective at treating breast cancer as a full course , a long-term study suggests . Researchers said people who received the shorter treatment were also less likely to die of other cancers and heart disease in the following five years . But cancer specialists have raised concerns about the study 's methodology . A fifth of patients in the study received extra doses of radiotherapy . The study 's lead author , Prof Jayant Vaidya , said he had expected a proportion of the women to need extra radiotherapy , since post-op tests could reveal tumours were bigger or more aggressive than expected . This still left 80 % of women benefiting from a shorter course of treatment with fewer side-effects , he said . Targeted Intraoperative Radiotherapy -LRB- TARGIT-IORT -RRB- involves a single , targeted dose of radiation inside the breast , immediately after the tumour is removed . This type of radiotherapy , developed by doctors at University College London -LRB- UCL -RRB- , is delivered using a small device placed inside the breast , directly on the site of the cancer . It means patients can receive radiation treatment at the same time as their operation to have their cancer removed . And they should n't have to return for any further treatments , which can involve 15 to 30 hospital visits for people having a standard course of radiotherapy . This treatment is already available on the NHS in a small number of clinics that have the right equipment . During the pandemic , NHS England has reduced the number of visits people need to make for standard radiotherapy after surgery to about five . The TARGIT-A trial involved 2,298 women with breast cancer in 10 countries being given either targeted therapy during surgery or a standard course of radiotherapy between 2000 and 2012 . The study reported at the 10-year mark that a single dose of radiation during surgery was as effective as a prolonged course . This latest study , which followed women up for five years after their treatment , confirmed that conclusion , the researchers said . And it found fewer in the group receiving the single-dose treatment had died from other causes , including heart disease , lung problems and other cancers . UCL said previous studies had shown the treatment also had fewer radiation-related side-effects , including pain and changes to the breast 's appearance . ` Cancer-free ' Writer Marcelle Bernstein received the one-off treatment eight years ago , and has had the all-clear ever since . `` Within two months of diagnosis I was cancer-free , '' she said . And , having seen her mother die of breast cancer 25 years earlier , she felt it was important she `` would n't be a cancer sufferer longer than necessary '' . `` I just liked the idea of something treating just the tiny area affected and not touching the rest of the body , '' she said . However , 20 % of the women in the study given a single dose of radiation did go on to have further radiotherapy treatments , when tests discovered `` unsuspected higher-risk factors '' . Concerns Joanne Haviland at the Institute of Cancer Research raised concerns about some of the definitions the researchers used in their study . `` Conventional radiotherapy has evolved considerably since the design of the TARGIT-A trial , including shorter treatment schedules and smaller volumes of breast treated , with greatly improved patient experience and extremely high levels of clinical cure at very low cost to the NHS . '' Martin Ledwick of Cancer Research UK said : `` As the women taking part in the study received radiotherapy at the same time as having a lumpectomy , doctors were n't able to analyse their tumours in advance to see if they would need a longer course of radiotherapy until after their operation . `` While 20 % of the women in this study did then need additional treatment , 80 % of patients were spared this . ''", "url": "https://www.bbc.com/news/health-53834130", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.27638919113525806, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'butt': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhY2GeL", "stitle": "Tight end Jake Butt , who debated quitting after another knee surgery , is motivated to earn spot on Broncos ' roster", "seg_title_stem": "tight end Jake Butt , who debate quit after another knee surgery , be motivate to earn spot on bronco ' roster", "seg_content": "As Jake Butt settles back into football following his fourth major knee surgery since college , the Broncos ' tight end admitted Wednesday there were many days he wanted to `` just walk out the building and throw in the towel . '' But healthy once again , Butt said he now embraces the adversity he had to overcome to get back on the field and be in contention to make the Broncos ' roster . `` The hardest part about rehab is it can get a little bit lonely , and that 's where you start to build yourself mentally , '' said Butt , who 's had three ACL repairs and a meniscus cleanup that caused him to miss all of last year 's regular season . `` Throughout all three of my ACLs -LRB- and last year 's surgery -RRB- , I think I 've come out of the rehab more mentally tough than I did going into it . '' After undergoing surgery to remove about 40 % of his meniscus last preseason , Butt was cleared to return late in 2019 but the Broncos elected to hold him out as a precaution . Now entering his fourth year , Butt 's put up a strong performance through the initial handful of practices at training camp , and is running around the field full-speed , sans a knee brace . `` I think Jake is way ahead of where he was last year at this time , '' coach Vic Fangio said . `` He had a great offseason , too . Hopefully we 'll see the real Jake Butt here this season . '' Denver drafted Butt in the fifth round in 2017 -LRB- No. 145 overall -RRB- out of Michigan , but he 's played just three NFL games . `` He 's one of the best teammates that we have in this locker room . For him to push and grind through all the injuries he 's had -LRB- is incredible -RRB- , '' quarterback Drew Lock said . `` Right from the get-go at training camp I could tell he 's not 100 % back to normal -- obviously , you can never get totally back to normal after a knee -LRB- injury -RRB- , but he 's as close as you can possibly get after having those surgeries . The guy is playing some really good ball . '' Behind starter Noah Fant , Butt is competing for time -- and a roster spot -- with fellow tight ends Troy Fumagalli , Nick Vannett and rookie Albert Okwuegbunam . Butt is ready to put his snakebitten past , which includes a torn ACL with the Broncos in 2018 , in the rearview . `` I 'm not looking back , and I do n't have any excuses for myself , '' Butt said . `` For me , I 've got to play better and I 've got to elevate my game . I 've got to go out there and compete every single day . The goal for me now is to make the team ... I 'm trying to continue to push myself to be a better football player . ''", "url": "https://www.fortmorgantimes.com/2020/08/19/broncos-jake-butt-motivated-in-training-camp/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Football": 1.0000098943710327}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Football_NFL": 1.0}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.052514810246914116, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhY46pu", "stitle": "Boarding for Breast Cancer to Host 16th Annual Virtual Skate the Lake", "seg_title_stem": "board for breast cancer to Host 16th annual virtual skate the Lake", "seg_content": "Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 nonprofit foundation providing breast cancer education , prevention and survivor support programs for young people , announced they will be hosting their 16th annual Skate the Lake event VIRTUALLY today . GARDENA , Calif. -LRB- PRWEB -RRB- August 19 , 2020 Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- , a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 nonprofit foundation providing breast cancer education , prevention and survivor support programs for young people , announced they will be hosting their 16th annual Skate the Lake event VIRTUALLY today . Historically this beloved community event is a 28-mile skate bike roll around beautiful Lake Tahoe and the majestic Truckee River . Due to COVID-19 this year 's event will be 100 % VIRTUAL ! Let your local trail , path , or neighborhood serve as the setting for the push to fundraise and raise awareness for breast cancer prevention . Skate Bike Roll on August 29 in the spirit of Skate the Lake whether that is 28 miles , 7 miles or even just a few laps around your block ! B4BC welcomes people to join in the efforts of reaching their fundraising goal of $ 30K for their education , prevention , and survivorship programs by registering or donating USING THIS LINK . Each participant is required to raise or donate a minimum of $ 25 to join in the fun , and registration prior to August 21st is encouraged to secure a special B4BC branded face covering and an entry to win a Yeti cooler . `` We are excited to be hosting the 16th Annual Skate the Lake VIRTUALLY for the first time this year , '' said Lisa Hudson , B4BC President and Co-Founder . Now people worldwide can participate in this awesome event , and get educated on breast cancer prevention while being active in their communities . '' Virtual participation will be celebrated and highlighted on @B4BC 's Instagram story through shared tags #push4b4bc and #skatethelake . There will be incredible partner prizes awarded to the top 3 fundraisers and lots of opportunities to win additional prizes with raffle tickets , spirit and T shirt contests and more . B4BC would like to thank all partners for making VIRTUAL Skate the Lake possible including : Yeti , Traeger Grills , Suja , Tahoe Longboards , The North Face , Pura Vida , Blendtec , Go Pro , Vans , Smith , Gnu , Arbor Collective , VonZipper , Nikita , Dakine , Sector 9 , and lodging Granlibakken Resort , The Village at Squaw , River Ranch Lodge , North Lake Tahoe Resort Association , and many more ! Check out our 2019 Skate the Lake video HERE to see what the magic of this event is all about ! Shareable social assets and event photos can be found HERE . REGISTER / MORE INFO : B4BC.ORG About B4BC : Boarding for Breast Cancer -LRB- B4BC -RRB- is a 501 -LRB- c -RRB- 3 non-profit organization that advocates early detection and a healthy , active , and conscious lifestyle as the best means of breast cancer prevention . Founded in 1996 , B4BC empowers young people to make positive choices that promote lifelong wellness through grassroots events , educational outreach , sustainability , and survivorship support programs . For the original version on PRWeb visit : https://www.prweb.com/releases/boarding_for_breast_cancer_to_host_16th_annual_virtual_skate_the_lake/prweb17335396.htm", "url": "https://www.lmtonline.com/business/press-releases/article/Boarding-for-Breast-Cancer-to-Host-16th-Annual-15495548.php", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.052575320839413915, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhY7h6n", "stitle": "New database could speed the development of gene-targeted therapies for breast cancer", "seg_title_stem": "new database could speed the development of gene-targeted therapy for breast cancer", "seg_content": "All current breast cancer drugs were first tested in cell lines . Each cell line began as cancer in a patient . As such , each cell line is a surrogate for that patient 's disease . A new database of 40 breast cancer cell lines , developed by Medical University of South Carolina investigators , will help researchers deepen their understanding of these cell lines and speed the development of new gene-targeted therapies . Cell lines are the front line for breast cancer research because they are derived from real patients and exhibit the characteristics of the disease that that patient experienced . '' Stephen P. Ethier , Ph.D. , Professor in the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at MUSC and MUSC Hollings Cancer Center Researcher Cell lines represent cancer for what it is , said Ethier -- a multifaceted disease of the genome . The broad picture of cancer as a complex disease , however , is often bypassed in research to laser-focus on only one or two gene changes . Ethier believes this -- the current way of doing research -- is too narrow and that developing better therapies will require evaluation of the entire genomic signature . In an article recently published in npj Breast Cancer , Ethier and his team describe the implementation of a new resource for cancer researchers . The SUM Breast Cancer Cell Line Knowledge Base , or SLKBase , will push the field forward by providing easily navigable genomic , proteomic and other `` omic '' information on a total of 40 SUM and other patient-derived cell lines . The database could eventually contribute to the identification , development and implementation of truly personalized gene-targeted therapies for patients with breast cancer . Dr. Stephen Ethier and his team hope their database will eventually expand to include cancer cell lines from all types of cancer . Humans have approximately 24,000 genes , collectively called the genome . Written in the language of DNA , the genes act as instructions for how cells are to grow , live and replicate . Errors in the DNA instructions within a cell can ultimately change how the cell grows , replicates and responds to natural signals that normally act as a brake to these functions . These changes cause the cell to become cancerous . Personalized or targeted therapies , based on unique gene changes in each patient 's cancer , have been a long-term goal in oncology research and medicine , and significant progress has been made . However , implementing truly personalized therapeutic strategies has been slow . One obstacle has been difficulty identifying and targeting the gene changes that have a function in causing disease . Several hundred genes might have developed errors in a cancer cell , according to Ethier . `` Most of the genes that are changed , however , are playing no role whatsoever in the biology of the disease , '' he explained . How can researchers identify which of those gene mutations matter and are worth targeting ? With funding from a South Carolina Clinical & Translational Research Institute pilot grant , Ethier and his team built specialized tools for SLKBase to aid in answering this very question . `` So the way to get from 500 gene changes to two or three that are playing an essential role in the biology of the disease is to do what are called genome-scale knock-out or knock-down experiments , '' Ethier explained . In the knock-down experiments , Ethier and his team performed a series of tests in which every gene in the genome was turned off one by one and evaluated for its effects on the growth or survival of the cancer cell . If the cancer cell died or stopped duplicating itself , that gene was deemed to be essential for survival . If that gene also had an error , it meant the gene was not only essential but also performed a function that made the cell behave like cancer . Each cancer cell line has a unique `` functional gene signature , '' explained Ethier . Therapies that target these functional genes that drive cancer growth are likely to be most effective . From a library of more than 800 targeted experimental medications , the `` Druggable Signature Tool '' identifies those that are likely to be effective against the cancer cells because they target the essential genes . The SLKBase website is open to anyone who wants to know more about breast cancer cell lines or access the immense genomic and proteomic research knowledge base . However , breast cancer is just the beginning . There are more than 500 cancer cell lines derived from patients with virtually every type of cancer , and Ethier hopes eventually to include them all in SLKBase . For Ethier , the gene changes driving cancer matter more than the tissue in which they occur . Cancers are a disease of the genome , no matter in which part of the body they occur . Therefore , any cancer would be expected to respond to therapy targeted to its genomic signature . `` At some point , we have to stop worrying about whether it 's breast cancer , lung cancer or colon cancer , '' said Ethier . `` We should be putting more emphasis on the genomic features of that cancer because cancer is a disease of the genome . '' Ethier recently signed an option agreement with the MUSC Foundation for Research Development that will enable his startup , Sextant Oncology LLC , to continue to promote the use of cancer cell lines and their functional derivatives . The mission of Sextant Oncology is to develop strategies for the reverse engineering of individual cell lines that will ultimately be useful for making targeted drug treatment predictions for patients . Source : Journal reference : Ethier , S.P. , et al. -LRB- 2020 -RRB- Development and implementation of the SUM breast cancer cell line functional genomics knowledge base . npj Breast Cancer . doi.org/10.1038/s41523-020-0173-z .", "url": "https://www.news-medical.net/news/20200819/New-database-could-speed-the-development-of-gene-targeted-therapies-for-breast-cancer.aspx", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.07147991407499875, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhYZgGf", "stitle": "Babe Ruth Baseball : Nottingham , Atlantic Shore go to ` if ' game for SNJ 13s title", "seg_title_stem": "Babe Ruth Baseball : Nottingham , Atlantic Shore go to ` if ' game for snj 13 title", "seg_content": "HOPEWELL -- The Nottingham and Atlantic Shore 13-Year-Old Babe Ruth All-Star teams continued to put on a show Wednesday night at Bacon Field in the Southern New Jersey Tournament . After playing to a one-run decision earlier in the tournament , these two finalists decided to go the long route when Atlantic Shore defeated Nottingham , 2-0 , in the first game of the final round . With both teams having one loss , it forced a decisive championship game , which ended too late for these editions . `` I knew I had to come out and battle , '' Nottingham 's Justin Prekop , who started on the mound the first game . `` I had to pound the zone and let my fielders do the work . '' Prekop , a left-hander headed to Notre Dame High , did a fine job of keeping the visitors close for 6 1/3 innings , scattering eight hits with two walks and two strikeouts , but AS right-hander Evan Taylor was even stronger . Taylor scattered three hits over six innings of work . He struck out nine , walked two and hit one batter . Nottingham 's Jack Ivens singled with one out in the bottom of the first inning . Mason Grant singled with one out in the second , and Jack Burke singled with one out in the third , then stole second base . But that was all the production Taylor allowed . `` We 've got to be more aggressive at the plate next game , '' Prekop said . `` We 've got to get out in front . '' Atlantic Shore had its initial chance to score when it loaded the bases with no outs in the top of the first inning , but could not score . After Gavin Cohen walked to lead off the game , and Taylor singled with one out , Matt Pashley dropped a single into right field with two outs . Cohen was held at third base , and Nottingham pitcher Justin Prekop struck out Matt Boncheck to erase the threat . In the top of the third inning , Atlantic Shore cashed in on a two-out wild pitch by Prekop , which moved Cohen -LRB- single -RRB- and Fran Haines -LRB- walk -RRB- into scoring position . Pashley beat out an infield single to plate Cohen , and the ball got away on the stretch , allowing Haines also to cross . Head coach Rich Carabelli 's team kept the visitors from adding to their lead in the sixth after Ty Watson reached on an error and Luca Bruno singled to start the inning . Jake Lodgek laid down a sacrifice bunt to move both runners into scoring position , then Cohen hit a grounder to second base on which Jack Ivens cut down pinch runner Chase Lipshutz at the plate . Prekop got Colin Thompson to pop out to end the inning . Nottingham had its best chance at scoring in the bottom of the sixth when Mason Waznis was hit by a pitch and Ivens -LRB- the only Nottingham player to reach base twice -RRB- walked , both with two outs . Taylor uncorked a wild pitch , then Pekop sent a long foul ball down the first base line . Before the winners ' bracket champions could get too excited , Taylor reached back and struck out his pitching counterpart for his final strikeout of the game . Haines took over on the mound in the seventh and retired the locals in order to seal the three-hit shutout , get the save and set up the decisive `` if necessary '' championship game . AtlanticShore 002 000 0 -- 2 8 0 Nottingham 000 000 x -- 0 3 2 RBI : Pashley -LRB- AS -RRB- . WP -- Taylor ; LP -- Prekop ; S -- Haines .", "url": "https://www.trentonian.com/sports/babe-ruth-baseball-nottingham-atlantic-shore-go-to-if-game-for-snj-13s-title/article_333e742c-e279-11ea-b468-37a7c1304c3e.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Baseball": 1.000009536743164}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.004875565830338329, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhYq28D", "stitle": "Illinois to award cannabis licenses ` in coming weeks '", "seg_title_stem": "Illinois to award cannabis licens ` in come week '", "seg_content": "Illinois ' first round of cannabis dispensary licenses will be `` issued in coming weeks , '' according to an Aug. 12 press release from the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation -LRB- IDFPR -RRB- . The release also announced that the state 's Joint Committee on Administrative Rules -LRB- JCAR -RRB- approved rules for a tiebreaking process in granting the 75 new licenses . The licenses were scheduled to be awarded by the IDFPR on May 1 , but the process was put on hold by Gov. J. B. Pritzker on April 30 due to the COVID-19 pandemic . Emergency tiebreaking rules had been issued in December but expired after six months ; therefore , a permanent set of rules was needed before licenses could be awarded . The tiebreaking rules determine that a random drawing will be done among applicants in the same Bureau of Labor Statistics -LRB- BLS -RRB- region with tied scores . Applicants with tied scores will be awarded conditional licenses in the order they are drawn ; the conditional license gives them 180 days to finalize a location for a dispensary . Once the location is secured , the awardee will be issued the adult-use license to sell marijuana . Tiebreaking rules are necessary because licenses will be awarded based on a point system ; a process must be in place to decide to whom a license should be awarded if applications receive the same number of points . The IDFPR will rank applicants using the following scale , with a total of 250 points possible : Suitability of employee training plan -LRB- 15 points -RRB- Security and record keeping -LRB- 65 points -RRB- Business plan , financials , operating plan , and floor plan -LRB- 65 points -RRB- Knowledge and experience in cannabis or related fields -LRB- 30 points -RRB- Status as a social equity applicant -LRB- 50 points -RRB- Labor and employment practices -LRB- 5 points -RRB- Environmental plan -LRB- 5 points -RRB- Illinois owner -LRB- 5 points -RRB- Status as a veteran -LRB- 5 points -RRB- Diversity plan -LRB- 5 points -RRB- Social equity applicants are those that meet at least one of the following criteria : The applicant has at least 51 percent ownership and control by one or more individuals who have resided for at least five of the preceding 10 years in a disproportionately impacted area . The applicant has at least 51 percent ownership and control by one or more individuals who have been arrested for or convicted of any offense that is eligible for expungement under the Cannabis Regulation and Tax Act or is a member of an impacted family . The applicant has at least 10 full-time employees and at least 51 percent of whom currently reside in a disproportionately impacted area or have been arrested for or convicted of any offense that is eligible for expungement under the Cannabis Regulation and Tax Act or is a member of an impacted family . Hopeful license awardees whose social equity status was achieved through the third condition above were offered reprieve during the state 's licensing delay . Originally , they were required to have full-time employees at the time applications were submitted -LRB- due by Jan. 2 , 2020 -RRB- and were to be maintained as employees throughout the application scoring period . However , with a downtown in the economy , the IDFPR is n't currently requiring that the social equity employees be retained throughout the lengthier licensing process . Applicants who receive licenses will be required to employ the required number of employees within 60 days , however . Of the 75 licenses to be issued in Illinois , 47 will be given to businesses planning to open in the Chicago-Naperville-Elgin BLS region , which includes Cook County . The IDFPR press release also stated that scoring for craft grower , infuser and transporter licenses is being finalized . In January 2020 , Forest Park 's village council voted to amend the local zoning code to add cultivation , manufacture , distribution and transportation of cannabis as uses in several districts . '' -LSB- Recreational marijuana -RSB- is one of those rare new revenue streams that , frankly , the village does n't get often , '' said Steve Glinke , director of health and safety , during his presentation on zoning amendments during the meeting . In Sept. 2019 , the village council voted to impose a 3 percent tax on local sales of marijuana in anticipation of adult sales and use of cannabis becoming legal on Jan. 1 , 2020 . With marijuana sales setting records in Illinois for the last three months -- July saw over $ 60 million in sales -- revenue for a town with a dispensary could be significant . Mayor Rory Hoskins established a solid relationship with Michael Cardozo , CEO of Karuna Ventures , who early-on expressed interest in opening a recreational marijuana cultivation center and dispensary in Forest Park . Hoskins invited Cardozo to participate in two town-hall meetings on the topic in 2019 . Cardozo will know within a few weeks if Karuna has been granted a license by the state . Love the Review ? Become our partner in independent community journalism Thanks for turning to Forest Park Review and ForestParkReview.com . We love our thousands of digital-only readers . Now though we 're asking you to partner up in paying for our reporters and photographers who report this news . It had to happen , right ? On the plus side , we 're giving you a simple way , and a better reason , to join in . We 're now a non-profit -- Growing Community Media -- so your donation is tax deductible . And signing up for a monthly donation , or making a one-time donation , is fast and easy . No threats from us . The news will be here . No paywalls or article countdowns . We 're counting on an exquisite mix of civic enlightenment and mild shaming . Sort of like public radio . Claim your bragging rights . Become a digital member .", "url": "https://www.forestparkreview.com/News/Articles/8-19-2020/Illinois-to-award-cannabis-licenses-'in-coming-weeks'/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.005832832787914, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhYxWbP", "stitle": "Proposed zoning ordinances cause disagreements in Butte", "seg_title_stem": "propose zone ordinance cause disagreement in Butte", "seg_content": "BUTTE , Mont. -- The Butte-Silver Bow Council of Commissions will meet to vote again on a proposed zoning ordinance law for group homes . Public comment on the ordinance came in from both sides . `` Butte-Silver Bow needs to be able to have the final say in approving these type of things , '' said resident Matt Delong . `` It needs to be a process , it needs to go through the channels , and that 's not happening right now . '' One resident says the zoning ordinance will violate federal law . `` This is an overreach of our local government , it is a blatant violation of fair housing laws , '' said Ben Cannon , realtor for Harrison Realty . `` Doing this for foster families or therapeutic group homes or residential facilities or anything of the sort that is an absolute violation . '' Commissioner Eric Mankins is one of the supporters for the new ordinance . He comes from a westside neighborhood and says the proposed ordinance would help keep the group homes under regulation while also keeping the neighborhood safe . Mankins could not be reached for comment . `` I would argue -- and our lawyers are prepared to argue -- that it is a violation of fair housing on the basis of disability , '' said Cannon . `` Whether it is a group home for disabled people or somebody who is undergoing treatment for alcoholism , that is still a recognized disability . '' In 2016 , the Department of Justice and the Department of Housing and Urban Development put out a joint statement describing state and local land use of laws and practices with the application of the Fair Housing Act . `` The regulation of land use and zoning is traditionally reserved to state and local governments , except to the extent that it conflicts with requirements imposed by the Fair Housing Act or other federal laws , '' they wrote . `` Imposing restrictions on housing because of alleged public safety concerns that are based on stereotypes about the residents ' or anticipated residents ' membership in a protected class . '' The Butte zoning ordinance proposal came last September after a nonprofit wanted to buy a property and turn it into a transition home for men recovering from substance abuse . Cannon , who was helping sell the property , said he and the homeowner received multiple threats once residents found out that a recovery home would be in the area . Cannon said a few threats mentioned not to be surprised if the house was `` burnt to the ground . '' `` I understand some of the misplaced concern some people have they 're worried about declining property values or increased crime in their neighborhoods , '' said Cannon . `` The problem is that concern -- it does n't matter in the eyes of the -LRB- federal -RRB- law . '' You can join the virtual meeting with the Council of Commissioners here at 7:30 p.m.", "url": "https://nbcmontana.com/news/local/proposed-zoning-ordinances-cause-disagreements-in-butte", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment": 1.000009536743164}, "second_cat": {"PoliticsGovernment_Municipal": 1.000009536743164}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2192889436806962, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'intercourse': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhYzFls", "stitle": "Man faces child sex charges dating back to 1980", "seg_title_stem": "man face child sex charge date back to 1980", "seg_content": "HUNLOCK TOWNSHIP , Pa. -- Police have arrested a man for sexually assaulting two different juveniles 40 years ago . Officers said the assaults by Richard Garnett happened at a home on Roaring Brook Drive in Hunlock Township starting in 1980 and lasted for four years . Garnett faces a list of charges , including involuntary deviate sexual intercourse . He was taken into custody without incident and is in jail on $ 175,000 bail .", "url": "https://www.wnep.com/article/news/local/luzerne-county/man-faces-child-sex-charges-dating-back-to-1980-richard-garnett/523-74f561f6-f018-44d6-a7bb-949b83a30325", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9806010127067566}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9806010127067566}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0238935992634788, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhZ3JGK", "stitle": "Oklahoma County officials searching for man accused of multiple sex crimes against children", "seg_title_stem": "Oklahoma County official search for man accuse of multiple sex crime against child", "seg_content": "Oklahoma County officials searching for man accused of multiple sex crimes against children Oklahoma County officials searching for man accused of multiple sex crimes against children $ 2.5 million grant to help OU research geothermal energy Controversial Greater Wynnewood Exotic Animal Park -- once owned by ` Tiger King ' -- closes to public Boutique bandit caught on camera stealing from stores in three Oklahoma towns Oklahoma County Commissioners approve sending CARES funding to jail trust What does a beer maker do when he ca n't drink beer any more ? He makes cider instead Residents concerned after numerous wrecks at intersection in NW OKC neighborhood Resident rescued from burning home in Mustang Plastics factory fire in Grand Prairie Oklahoma mother to stand trial in deaths of two children Search continues for remains of two missing Oklahoma teens Oklahoma City Council approves special election for city charters", "url": "https://kfor.com/video/oklahoma-county-officials-searching-for-man-accused-of-multiple-sex-crimes-against-children/5777280/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000097751617432}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000097751617432}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.0458757772697124, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhZLYeg", "stitle": "Jim Belushi Says How Medical Marijuana Could Have Saved His Brother , John Belushi", "seg_title_stem": "Jim Belushi say how medical Marijuana could have Saved he Brother , John Belushi", "seg_content": "66-year-old Jim Belushi is the star of the new reality TV series Growing Belushi . Being an avid grower of marijuana in Oregon , he says that medical marijuana could have helped save the life of his late brother , John Belushi . `` I just thought that this was something that nobody 's ever seen , '' he responds to Fox News when asked why he decided to start his own series about growing . `` I think there are people that are very frightened about cannabis and its attributes and I thought , ` You know what ? If everybody just sees how it 's grown , sees the people that are involved , that really care ... the testing that 's involved , the safety involved , they may feel a little more relaxed about trying cannabis . ''' Jim Belushi is a marijuana farmer View this post on Instagram And now : a sneak peak teaser for my new show #GrowingBelushi airing on @discovery at 10pm THIS WEDNESDAY -LRB- August 19 -RRB- tune in !! A post shared by Jim Belushi -LRB- @jim_belushi -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 9:35 am PDT Belushi says that he is a strong believer in the benefits that medical marijuana can bring for those struggling . Marijuana has been proven to help people cope with depression/anxiety , insomnia , and even Alzheimer 's , Parkinson 's , and cancer . `` It 's nonviolent . It also leads to a higher consciousness , which leads to compassion and empathy for others . I mean , that 's all part of the wellness of cannabis . I 've learned all that . We show it on ` Growing Belushi . ' It 's really cool . And the show is very funny because I 'm an idiot . You 're watching my education in farming and cannabis and some funny stuff . '' He says his brother 's yearning to cope with self-medicating stems from injuries sustained early in his life View this post on Instagram `` Have you met my girls ? '' @belushisfarm A post shared by Jim Belushi -LRB- @jim_belushi -RRB- on Jul 21 , 2020 at 7:59 am PDT His brother , John Belushi , sadly passed away in 1982 at the age of 33 from a drug overdose . Belushi believes that his brother likely self-medicated to cope with head injuries he sustained early in his life . `` My brother , I think , suffered from CTE . He was a middle linebacker , captain of the team , all-state and all-conference . And he banged his head for four years . He got the most tackles in our high school and he got his bell rung a lot . There -LSB- were -RSB- a lot of concussions . And back then , they 'd say , ` What 's the matter ? You got your bell rung ? Get back in there Belushi . ' He continues , `` Senior year he seizured in our home , and we did n't know what it was . Belushi has said that despite many spinal taps and X-rays , doctors could not figure out why he seizured . Belushi says that if marijuana was his drug of choice back in the day , he would still be here . View this post on Instagram `` If my brother John was a pot head , he 'd still be here today . '' -- @jim_belushi A post shared by Belushi 's Farm -LRB- @belushisfarm -RRB- on Jul 26 , 2020 at 7:12 am PDT `` ... I believe what Dan Aykroyd says : ` If John was a pothead he 'd be alive today , ' And we think the medicine could have really helped him with that CTE , that suffering . That 's one of my purposes . '' Many celebrities have utilized medicinal marijuana to help their health woes , including Olivia Newton-John , who is battling stage 4 metastatic breast cancer .", "url": "https://doyouremember.com/123515/jim-belushi-medical-marijuana-saved-john-belushi", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.7514896392822266}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.7514896392822266}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11114466761318201, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhZNHp9", "stitle": "Brit , 31 , flogged naked in Singapore jail for drug dealing as UK slams ` corporal punishment '", "seg_title_stem": "Brit , 31 , flog naked in Singapore jail for drug deal as UK slam ` corporal punishment '", "seg_content": "A BRITISH ex-public schoolboy has been stripped and flogged 24 times in a Singapore jail for drugs offences . London-born Ye Ming Yuen , 31 , was strapped to a large wooden bench before being brutally beaten . He was punished in the ` caning room ' in Changi Prison where he is currently serving 20 years for his crimes . The former Westminster School pupil 's caning came after he had his second appeal rejected by the Singaporean courts . The Foreign Office has condemned the brutal beating - which came despite calls for leniency from Home Secretary Priti Patel , reports the Daily Mail . Yuen was working as a DJ in Singapore when he was arrested in 2016 for the possessing and selling drugs . According to local reports , investigations found he had begun to sell drugs to fund his lavish lifestyle and pay off gambling debts . He pleaded guilty to trafficking 15 grams of methamphetamine , possession and consumption charges and was granted bail . It was at this time that he was once again arrested for the offences of trafficking and possession of cannabis Yuen pleaded guilty to four of the 12 charges on 18th July 2018 and was sentenced to a total of 20 years jail time and 24 strokes of the cane - the maximum amount allowed in Singapore . His plight hit the headlines when then Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt brought up the case with Singapore 's Foreign Affairs Minister during an official visit in January 2019 . The prisoner 's sister Elysia Yuen , 32 , told the Daily Mail : `` Ming knows what he did was wrong and deserved to be punished . `` We know it 's a different country with different laws and you should respect those laws , but is n't a 20-year prison sentence punishment enough ? '' The British High Commission in Singapore said : `` The UK strongly opposes corporal punishment in all circumstances and condemns its use in this case . '' At # 41,000 a year Westminster School he gained a string of top exam results before apparently falling in with the wrong crowd . Caning is a widely used form of corporal punishment in the city state and the punishment for drug use and trafficking are notoriously strict , including the death penalty . The ` mandatory death penalty ' in applies to those caught with more than 30 grams of cocaine , 200 grams of hashish or 500 grams of cannabis . Human rights groups say caning in Singapore is a violation of international law and breaches the United Nations Convention Against Torture .", "url": "https://www.the-sun.com/news/1338027/brit-31-flogged-naked-in-singapore-jail-for-drug-dealing-as-uk-slams-corporal-punishment/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.9978929162025452}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.9978929162025452}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.042930826597868114, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhZO2dI", "stitle": "John Belushi Might Be Alive If Medical Marijuana Had Been Available , Says Brother Jim Belushi", "seg_title_stem": "John Belushi Might be alive if medical Marijuana have be available , say Brother Jim Belushi", "seg_content": "John Belushi was an actor and comedian that by all accounts was beloved by his co-stars in movies and on Saturday Night Live . But tragically , he died in 1982 at the age of 33 . Ahead of the premiere of his younger brother Jim Belushi 's new Discovery Channel show Growing Belushi , here 's what you need to know about John Belushi 's death and how it inspired his brother to start a cannabis farm in Oregon . John Belushi Overdosed on Heroin , But a Woman Was Charged For His Murder On March 5 , 1982 , Belushi overdosed on heroin and cocaine at the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles , California . The official cause of death by the Los Angeles medical examiner was `` acute heroin and cocaine poisoning , '' according to the New York Times . Dr. Michael Baden later testified that if Belushi had not consumed heroin on the day of his death , he would not have died . The testimony came as part of the hearing to determine if Cathy Evelyn Smith should stand trial for murder because of the role she played in Belushi 's death . Smith was accused of injecting Belushi with the dose of heroin that killed him after she spoke to a reporter about that night and her interview was published in the National Enquirer . She was eventually charged with second-degree murder and 13 other drug-related counts , but a plea bargain lessened the charge to involuntary manslaughter and three counts of furnishing and administering controlled substances , according to the Los Angeles Times . Smith was sentenced to three years in prison but served only 15 months . Her lawyer Brian Greenspan told People at the time that Smith `` has been made out as a drug dealer , someone who lives off the fame of others , '' but `` what you 've got here is an independent woman with ability and accomplishments of her own and a desire to pursue her own career . '' A confidant of Smith 's added , `` If Belushi were alive today , I think he 'd be disappointed with all his friends for not helping her . '' Jim Belushi Thinks Medical Marijuana Might Have Saved His Brother Jim and John Belushi were two of four siblings born to Adam Belushi and Agnes Demetri , both Albanian immigrants . The four kids -- John , Jim , brother Billy , and sister Marian -- grew up in Wheaton , Illinois , a western suburb of Chicago . John met his future wife , Judith , in high school . They married in 1976 but never had any children . Jim has said of his late brother that he suspects John suffered from CTE , telling FR 42 News that John played a lot of football as a young man and that he sustained `` lots of concussions . '' John struggled most of his adult life with drug use and Jim thinks that if medical marijuana had been a treatment option when his brother was suffering , maybe he would be alive today . `` But I believe what Dan Aykroyd says , ` If John was a pothead he would be alive today . And we think the drug could have really helped him with this CTE , this suffering . This is one of my goals -LSB- with this new Discovery Channel show -RSB- , '' said Belushi . The show is about Belushi 's `` flourishing legal cannabis farm '' that spans nearly 100 acres in southern Oregon , according to the Discovery Channel press release . `` Having suffered the loss of his brother John to an overdose -- as well as having experienced his own journey of learning and healing with cannabis -- Jim has become an outspoken advocate for the positive medical benefits of cannabis including pain management and improving quality of life . The series will shed light on Jim 's journey of self-discovery and the incredible effort it takes to build a legal cannabis farm with the dream of helping others thrive . '' `` As they navigate the many challenges of this newly legalized industry , Jim and his ragtag team of farmers have an opportunity to follow their passion and find success in something they believe in . Joined by his cousin Chris and with appearances from Dan Aykroyd , Judy Belushi and a cast of misfits -LRB- including Jim 's own family -RRB- , as well as a musical appearance by The Blues Brothers , Growing Belushi will take Discovery 's audiences inside Jim 's world and show the incredible effort it takes to build a legal cannabis operation . '' `` We are always looking for a show that takes you by surprise and this one did -- it 's fun and funny and has a lot of heart . I think people will see Jim Belushi in a whole new way after watching , '' said Nancy Daniels , Chief Brand Officer , Discovery & Factual . Growing Belushi airs Wednesdays at 10 p.m. ET/PT on the Discovery Channel .", "url": "https://heavy.com/entertainment/2020/08/john-belushi-cause-of-death/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.6181845664978027}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.6181845664978027}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.044647180097273774, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhZpGRM", "stitle": "Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo Spied Almost Naked At The ` Ring", "seg_title_stem": "Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo spy almost naked at the ` ring", "seg_content": "The wagon version of the Taycan is near -- well , sort of . The production version of the Mission E Cross Turismo is slated to hit the global stage by the end of this year as revealed at the Annual and Sustainability Report 2019 of Porsche AG , officially named as the Taycan Cross Turismo . While the official date ca n't come soon enough , the Taycan Cross Turismo has been spied several times before to gives us a preview of what 's to come . More recently , our spy photographers spotted the Cross Turismo prototype at the Nürburgring . Gallery : Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo Spied At The Nurburgring Though not apparent in the still images , our spy photographers mentioned that the all-electric Porsche wagon is seen doing some handling tests at the Green Hell . How we wish we could get our hands on a spy video for this , but we 'll be on it once available . For now , we can settle with the Taycan Cross Turismo 's design , which is basically revealed here due to the minimal concealment on the vehicle . At the front , it bears the same face as the Taycan sedan , with only subtle nips and tucks . It carries the same LED configuration , as well . In profile , the Taycan Cross Turismo looks quite familiar . As it stands , it 's like what the Panamera Sport Turismo is for the Panamera -- a sleek wagon version for those who want practicality without compromising performance . Speaking of performance , the Taycan Cross Turismo is expected to carry the same powertrain setup as its sedan counterpart , which means power outputs that range between 530 horsepower -LRB- 395 kilowatts -RRB- and 761 hp -LRB- 567 kW -RRB- . We can expect a similar range as well , although we do n't want to pre-empt what Porsche has in store for its newest electric vehicle . Of note , the Taycan Cross Turismo is only the beginning of a range of Taycan-based electric Porsches . We 'll know more about this development in the months or years to come .", "url": "https://www.motor1.com/news/439947/taycan-cross-turismo-spied-nurburgring/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 0.7437880039215088}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Vehicles": 0.7437880039215088}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.7715320236392658, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'rock-hard': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'rock-hard': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhZwTQ6", "stitle": "Drake Flaunts His Rock-Hard Abs after Workout -- Check Out the Sizzling Selfie", "seg_title_stem": "Drake flaunt he rock-hard ab after Workout -- check out the sizzle selfie", "seg_content": "Rapper Drake did not hesitate to show off his abdominal results fresh off a gym workout over the weekend . The musician is staying fit amid the quarantine . Drake , 33 , has no intention of going back to his skinnier days . Earlier this week , the rapper showed that he is keeping up his bulky figure while sharing an elevator selfie . Dressed in nothing but gray workout shorts , the rapper showcased his rock-hard abs on Instagram . Undoubtedly , some fans swooned when they saw the shot . A screengrab is found below . DRAKE IS AMPED UP AFTER EXERCISING In the photo shared on his Instagram stories , Drake 's shiny bodice implied that he had just wrapped up a workout session . He held some gray items under his arms as he held up his phone to take the picture . The `` God 's Plan '' singer also held onto a large water bottle that he had not yet finished . He appeared to be the only one riding the elevator at the time . The rapper 's expression matched the three emojis he had at the bottom . While he could only frown , the emojis also showed some steam coming out from their noses . HE STARTED BEEFING UP TWO YEARS AGO Although he was done with the workout , the rapper still seemed to be pumped up . Based on his results , he had every right to be proud of the session . Drake 's love of exercise was shown definitively back in 2018 . According to Men 's Health , that was when the rapper made a concerted effort to gain a more muscular physique . After slimming down to fit into suits , the rapper decided he was going for a different look -- and he has since put in the work to get it . In addition to physical training , Drake 's diet contributes to his new body goals . HIS FRIENDS START A RUMOR OF SURGERY However , just a year after Men 's Health shared some of his secrets , Refinery29 brought rumors to light that the rapper had plastic surgery . It all started when a record producer jokingly made the accusation . After the producer told Drake he received `` fake ab surgery , '' Drake hit back by vaguely mentioning a love interest his friend once had . Drake 's trainer also chimed in with a quip . Even though they were joking , some people ran with the theory that Drake had gotten ab etching to enhance the appearance of the abdominal muscles . View this post on Instagram I forget what it 's called but I remember the feeling ✅ A post shared by champagnepapi -LRB- @champagnepapi -RRB- on May 16 , 2019 at 3:17 pm PDT DRAKE CELEBRATES FATHER 'S DAY Elsewhere , Drake celebrated his son this past Father 's Day . Adonis Graham , whom Drake shares with Sophie Brussaux , is two years old and is an adorable tot . In a sweet post to honor him , Drake wrote : `` Happy Fathers Day to all the real g ' z handling business . '' The accompanying photo showed Adonis sitting in bed wearing pajamas and sporting a messy head of curls . View this post on Instagram Happy Fathers Day to all the real g ' z handling business A post shared by champagnepapi -LRB- @champagnepapi -RRB- on Jun 21 , 2020 at 1:35 am PDT HIS BABY 'S MOTHER FLIES A PLANE ON HER BIRTHDAY Earlier this month , Brussaux was also in celebratory mode for her 31st birthday . The model enjoyed her big day by piloting a small plane before rocking out at a birthday party . Brussaux sported her new pink hair as she sat behind the cockpit in a black tank top and matching shorts . Later , she adorned a pink dress for the Arabian-themed party .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/223925-drake-flaunts-his-rock-hard-abs-workout.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_HipHop": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.01666389791492753, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'strip': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhZz51s", "stitle": "A first for Yellowstone Drag Strip as facility is set to host an NHRA Lucas Oil Regional Doubleheader", "seg_title_stem": "a first for Yellowstone Drag Strip as facility be set to host a NHRA Lucas Oil Regional Doubleheader", "seg_content": "BILLINGS -- To say Yellowstone Drag Strip owner C.W. McCarthy is `` excited '' would be an understatement . On Aug. 27-30 , an NHRA Lucas Oil Regional Doubleheader will be held at the track located in Acton . In his nine years as owner of facility , this is the biggest event McCarthy has ever prepared for . In fact , there is not an event planned for this weekend as workers prepare to host the regional doubleheader . McCarthy hopes the four-day event will feature 300 cars competing each day . The past few days , McCarthy said he has either been talking or texting on his phone quite a bit fielding inquiries about the race dates . And like most everyone else he has visited with , McCarthy is looking forward to the competition . `` Excited , nervous . Every emotion a guy can have , they are all coming out of me right now , '' McCarthy told The Billings Gazette and 406mtsports . com . `` Excited by far , we are more excited than anything . '' The real work will begin on Aug. 26 as workers help park all the racers in preparation for Aug. 27 . Racing will start at 9 a.m. Aug. 27-30 and the gates will open at 8 a.m. daily . McCarthy said racing should conclude at approximately 8 p.m. all four days . McCarthy said on a normal Saturday of racing at YDS , there would be a car count between 120 and 150 . The YDS facility is a NHRA sanctioned track and is part of the Northwest Division 6 said McCarthy , who also expects drivers from the Midwest to compete . `` The NHRA will bring in a bunch of staff and crew and help us put the event on , '' McCarthy said . `` It 's a Yellowstone Drag Strip and NHRA event . '' The purse for the event is based on the car count but McCarthy said it should be in the neighborhood of $ 50,000 . McCarthy said the track , which opened in 2003 , has never hosted a regional doubleheader before . `` We do n't have a huge population base . Typically events like this only go to tracks with lots of people , like a population of a million . We 've been fortunate enough this year to be asked to do this , '' he said . `` We 've hosted an NHRA Regional , a divisional and a national open before , but we 've never hosted a doubleheader . '' McCarthy said a racing doubleheader is when `` you do two full events . They are not just qualifying and doing eliminations . They are doing that twice . It 's two full races . '' With the event being a doubleheader , it should help attract racers . `` A doubleheader makes it more enticing for participants to travel to and participate , '' McCarthy said . `` They are getting a lot more race time and opportunities . We 'll have a good turnout because of it being a doubleheader . '' Competition is to be held in divisions such as Stock , Super Street , Sportsman Motorcycle , Super Comp , Super Stock , Super Gas , Top Dragster , Competition , Pro ET , Top Sportsman , Super Pro ET , and Sportsman . In addition , Jr. . Thunder and Jr. . Lightning divisions will be held on Saturday and Sunday . Box Gamblers and No Box Gambler races are also scheduled Saturday after qualifying . A highlight will be when the Top Alcohol Dragsters and Top Alcohol Funny Cars compete on Friday , Aug. 28 and Saturday , Aug. 29 , with qualifying in the divisions at 2 p.m. on Friday and round one eliminations at 2 p.m. on Saturday . A scheduled provided by YDS can be found with this story at 406mtsports . com . `` The biggest feature for spectators is the Top Alcohol cars , '' McCarthy said . `` That is a huge opportunity and something we do n't get to race here very often . They run in the mid 5s -LRB- seconds -RRB- in the quarter mile , which is over 250 miles per hour . '' Tickets are $ 15 for Aug. 27 , $ 20 for Aug. 28 , $ 20 for Aug. 29 and $ 15 for Aug. 30 . A full-event pass is $ 50 . Those six years old and younger are free with a paid adult . Tickets can be purchased at thefoat.com said McCarthy .", "url": "https://406mtsports.com/406mtsports/a-first-for-yellowstone-drag-strip-as-facility-is-set-to-host-an-nhra-lucas/article_ba6dccc0-22c8-51e5-848f-125ef22ec1d7.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9994608759880066}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Motor": 0.9994608759880066}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.09233985767623944, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhaMxTr", "stitle": "Columbus Police seize $ 51K in marijuana , guns , $ 15K in cash", "seg_title_stem": "Columbus Police seize $ 51k in marijuana , gun , $ 15k in cash", "seg_content": "COLUMBUS -LRB- WCMH -RRB- -- Over the past two days , Columbus Police said they 've seized a large amount of drugs , guns , and money from two locations in the north and northeast areas of the city . According to a post on the department 's Facebook page , the CPD 's Criminal Intelligence Unit seized approximately $ 51,000 in marijuana , $ 15,000 in cash and several firearms . Three people have been arrested and face drug charges . Police said the investigation remains open . Anyone with tips of illegal gun or drug activity is asked to contact the department at narcoticstips@columbuspolice.org .", "url": "https://www.nbc4i.com/news/local-news/columbus-police-seize-51k-in-marijuana-guns-15k-in-cash/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000098943710327}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000098943710327}}}
{'label': 1, 'score': 0.7317346666864656, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'threesome': 1}, 'nostrict': {'bra': 1, 'penis': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhaOSF2", "stitle": "Tavis Smiley Ordered To Pay PBS $ 2.6 Million For Violating Morals Clause In Sex Harassments Cases", "seg_title_stem": "Tavis Smiley Ordered to pay PBS $ 2.6 Million for violate moral clause in sex harassment case", "seg_content": "A judge has ordered former talk show host Tavis Smiley to pay $ 2.6 million to PBS for violating the network 's morals clause by engaging in multiple affairs with subordinates . The order upholds a jury finding from March . Smiley had sued PBS , contending racial bias by the service and wrongful termination without proof . Smiley was initially ordered to pay $ 1.5 million . But PBS requested more , citing the morals clause . Judge Yvonne Williams agreed , awarding PBS $ 2.6 million on August 5 . The new order includes $ 1.9 million in liquidated damages , equal to the money Smiley 's company , TS Media , received from PBS for production on the show 's last two seasons . The network 's morals clause bars romantic relationships in the office . EARLIER : A report by an external investigator hired by PBS claims former talk show host Tavis Smiley spent decades engaged in sexual relationships with subordinates and guests on his show , and committed acts of verbal abuse , inappropriate touching , and made unwanted sexual comments . The report was unsealed as part of legal documents filed in connection with ongoing lawsuits related to Smiley 's dismissal . The 500-page report on his alleged misconduct was filed by Smiley 's legal team as part of its breach of contract legal claims . PBS has countersued and asked for $ 1.9 million in production advances to be returned . entire report here . UPDATE : Tavis Smiley has issued a response through his representatives . `` A weak case you play in the press , a strong case you play out in a court of law . I look forward to my day in court February 10 , which I have finally been granted , after 2 years of fighting . '' The report and legal actions stem from a 2018 decision by PBS to end its relationship with Smiley , who fronted the L.A.-produced late-night talker Tavis Smiley for nearly 14 years . PBS said in 2018 it had `` uncovered multiple , credible allegations of conduct that is inconsistent with the values and standards of PBS . '' Smiley has denied all of the allegations , and claimed that he had stopped all consensual relationships with employees 10 years before the allegations surfaced . He also accused PBS of racial bias . In a ruling Thursday , Smiley lost a bid to have PBS 's action tossed , arguing that the conduct they claim against him predated his current contract . D.C. Superior Court Judge Yvonne Williams disagreed , and said that PBS had also claimed more recent misconduct . Among the allegations contained in the just-surfaced PBS report : *** A former employee alleged that Smiley asked her to lunch , and then asked about her bra size , offering a trip to Victoria 's Secret at The Grove . The woman was eventually laid off from the show and was allegedly told that she `` knew too much '' about Smiley 's actions , according to the report . *** Several women interviewed for the report claimed consensual relations with Smiley , but said that the power differences made for an uneasy relationship . One guest on the show who was involved claimed she was not invited back despite submitting to Smiley . *** Another producer on the Smiley show who had a sexual relationship with him was told that the relationship would be kept secret . However , she was terminated when others found out . She told the investigators that she believed other office sexual relationships played a role in her dismissal . *** Still another accuser said Smiley asked her why she was `` playing so hard to get '' on a business trip . *** A woman claimed in 2000 , Smiley grabbed her buttocks during a photo session , and then later purposely made contact between his penis and her buttocks . *** One woman claimed that when she visited Smiley 's house , he opened the door and was not wearing pants . He later asked her to have a threesome .", "url": "https://deadline.com/2020/08/tavis-smiley-ordered-to-pay-pbs-2-6-million-for-violating-morals-clause-in-sex-harassments-cases-1202819986/", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8035132456173111, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'sexy': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhaStAL", "stitle": "La La Anthony 's Hair Makeover : Carmelo 's Wife Debuts Sexy New Red Locks -- Before & After Looks", "seg_title_stem": "La La Anthony 's Hair Makeover : Carmelo 's Wife Debuts Sexy New Red Locks -- before & after look", "seg_content": "La La Anthony took to Instagram to share a video that debuted a stunning hair change that has her rocking long wavy red locks and looking gorgeous . La La Anthony , 39 , wowed her fans on Aug. 19 when she shared a video that revealed a total hair transformation that left her long locks a flattering red color . The gorgeous television personality was showing off the look , which included long wavy hair that was down and parted to the side , in the Instagram clip as her hair stylist was putting some finishing touche s on it with a comb . She was wearing a multi-colored patterned sleeveless crop top and her makeup was on point as she strutted her stuff and touched her hair . View this post on Instagram NEW HAIR ... Who dis ? A post shared by ℒᎯ ℒᎯ -LRB- @lala -RRB- on Aug 19 , 2020 at 4:05 pm PDT `` NEW HAIR ... Who dis ? , '' La La captioned the video . Fans quickly took to the comments section to respond with their opinions on the new hair color and many of them loved it . `` I admire you so much , '' one fan wrote while another called her `` gorgeous . '' Others left her heart-eyed emojis and another called the look `` fine . '' La La 's red hair comes after she 's been sporting dark locks for a while . She 's know for trying out different looks though and she always knows how to rock each one . She 's even had blonde highlights at one point and of course , they looked amazing ! Before she stunned followers with her pretty new hair , La La made headlines for appearing in a cute TikTok video with Kobe and Vanessa Bryant ` s daughters , Natalia , 17 , and Bianka , 3 , in late July . In the video , the La La and the girls are showing off their impressive dance moves to the song `` On Beat '' by Tre Oh Fie . `` New girl group ... we coming for you , '' La La captioned the clip . A few days before that , La La also took on a Tik Tok challenge with Vanessa , who she 's good friends with , and it required them to try not to react while sitting there in front of the camera and listening to several different old school tunes . Both ladies could n't resist laughing at several points during the challenge and it was a sweet memorable moment between them .", "url": "https://hollywoodlife.com/2020/08/19/la-la-anthony-hair-makeover-red-locks-before-after-looks/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9473281502723694}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9473281502723694}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.34728628640484455, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhasnFv", "stitle": "Babe Ruth Signed Louisville Slugger Bat Sells for $ 27,000 at Auction", "seg_title_stem": "Babe Ruth Signed Louisville Slugger Bat Sells for $ 27,000 at auction", "seg_content": "Call it the Great Batbino . A Babe Ruth-signed Louisville slugger bat sold for $ 27,000 at Fanatics Auctions on Wednesday night . Ruth was so good he had more than one nickname , from the Great Bambino to the Sultan of Swat , blasting 714 homers in his Hall of Fame career . Fanatics Auctions described the memorabilia as a `` glossy , dark brown Louisville Slugger baseball bat '' that `` features a very bold Ruth signature signed in black fountain pen over a sanded portion of the barrel right on the bats ' sweet spot . To the left of the signature is the Louisville Slugger logo , and to the right is an etched Ruth facsimile signature . '' You ca n't hit like Ruth . But one collector now has a bat graced with his signature .", "url": "https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2905475-babe-ruth-signed-louisville-slugger-bat-sells-for-27000-at-auction", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Lifestyle": 1.0000098943710327, "Sports": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Lifestyle_Other": 1.0000098943710327, "Sports_Baseball": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"Sports_Baseball_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.38847861624327806, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'prick': 1}, 'nostrict': {'mucus': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhatMaD", "stitle": "What it 's like to be allergic to weed", "seg_title_stem": "what it be like to be allergic to weed", "seg_content": "As an already high-strung person living through a flaming trash heap of a year , I welcome the giddiness and chill that ripple over me when I occasionally light up a joint or take an edible . Sadly , I 've been sans weed for the past few weeks , since my partner and I drove cross-country for the summer and did n't want to risk getting caught crossing state lines with a stash in our van . At least the absence is temporary . Thank God I 'm not allergic to weed , I thought a few days ago . That would be terrible . Wait -- can you be allergic to weed ? A Google search revealed that , yes , you absolutely can . I asked one of my favorite weed experts to walk me through this unfortunate phenomenon . `` You can be allergic to anything , '' including cannabis , Lewis Nelson , chair of the department of emergency medicine and chief of the division of medical toxicology at Rutgers New Jersey Medical School , tells me . And as more of us consume the substance , especially amid the rise of legalization , we can probably expect more reports of cannabis allergy , according to the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology . An allergy is an immune reaction to a foreign substance that usually does n't trigger such a reaction . Upon their first exposure to cannabis , people who are allergic to it make antibodies in response to a part of the plant -- typically pollen or some other protein , not chemicals like THC -LRB- short for tetrahydrocannabinol , which gets you high -RRB- , Nelson says . The next time they use weed , the antibodies attack the protein , which manifests as an allergic reaction , with symptoms ranging from a stuffy nose and a rash , all the way to wheezing , vomiting , diarrhea , and anaphylactic shock . In most people who have cannabis allergy , smoking and/or ingesting weed can trigger a reaction Rarely does merely touching it do so , although it 's possible if you 're extremely hypersensitive to the allergen responsible , Nelson says . -LRB- The odds of an allergic reaction are greater if you touch the plant , then touch the inside of your nose , ear , or other mucus membrane , where it can get absorbed into your body . -RRB- Smelling weed does n't typically result in a reaction , either , since the terpenes and other tiny chemicals that underlie its odor tend not to be allergenic , although they can be . Again , people who have cannabis allergy more often react to proteins in the plant . Although vomiting is a less-common symptom of cannabis allergy , cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome -- CHS , or intense , non-stop puking and nausea , associated with daily , prolonged weed use -- is n't allergy-related , Nelson says . Instead , CHS may have more to do with alterations in the cell receptors involved in nausea , Eddy Lang , a physician and professor of emergency medicine at the University of Calgary , told me for a story I previously wrote for Mic . You might be at higher risk for a cannabis allergy if you already have a lot of other allergies , Nelson says . `` There are definitely people who are predisposed to having allergic reactions . '' Although allergenic proteins in foods like peaches and tomatoes might look like the allergenic proteins in cannabis -- implying that allergies to such foods might make you more susceptible to cannabis allergy -- Nelson hesitates to draw such a correlation . If you experience what seems like even mild allergy symptoms when you imbibe , put down the weed and call your doctor , Nelson says . `` You never know if the next allergic reaction is going to be a big one . '' In what 's known as a prick skin test , an allergist can scratch your skin with a tiny needle , which will break the top surface and expose the underlying layer to the plant , Nelson says . The plant will likely be in the form of a slurry or extract , per the AAAAI . In other words , a weed allergy can be not only a bummer , but if you 're extremely hypersensitive to it , dangerous and even fatal . As much as the wellness world touts the benefits of the plant , it 's important to remember that it 's not totally benign , and could in fact have gnarly side effects .", "url": "https://www.mic.com/p/what-its-like-to-be-allergic-to-weed-31911012", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 0.9992805123329163}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 0.9992805123329163}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014915454693159266, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'dick': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Whb1zxG", "stitle": "Dick Norman looking forward to Antwerp event but will cut corners this year", "seg_title_stem": "Dick Norman look forward to Antwerp event but will cut corner this year", "seg_content": "Dick Norman , the Tournament Director of the ATP European Open in Antwerp , says that he is looking forward to hosting the event in October after it was confirmed that the tournament is part of the updated provisional ATP calendar that was released a few days ago . The ATP European Open is scheduled to take place from October 19th this year . Dick Norman says he is happy that the ATP European Open will be held in October The ATP Tour is resuming this week in New York with the Western & Southern Open , followed by the US Open in New York . These will be the first ATP events since the tour shutdown in March due to the global pandemic . According to the RTBF site , Norman says , `` We are happy , and we were keen to set up our event . We want to give a signal of hope , a boost to the events sector , and encourage the public to continue playing sport . '' The tournament will need to adhere to strict protocols from the ATP Tour , which will include players staying in the same hotel , no contact between the players and the fans for autographs and selfies , and limited contact between players and tournament officials . Norman adds , `` The sponsors have stuck with us , but we have to cut corners this year . This time , it will be a tennis tournament , and not a tennis event . It will not be possible to organize the meetings between the public and the players , nor the festive evenings , nor the Ladies Day , nor the Kids Day . '' As of now , Norman hopes that the event will have fans , although in limited numbers which will depend on local regulations at the time of the event . The Belgian also hopes to attract some of the top players for the tournament and will begin talking to the players and their managers in the coming days . The 49 year old Norman is a former player himself . He reached the fourth round of the men 's singles at Wimbledon in 1995 and the finals at the 2009 French Open men 's doubles event . The European Open is a men 's ATP Tour 250 event that takes place in Antwerp , Belgium and was first held on the ATP tour in 2016 . Previous winners of the ATP European Open include Frenchmen Richard Gasquet and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in 2016 and 2017 respectively and British player Kyle Edmund in 2018 . Last year , the ATP European Open was won by former World No. 1 Andy Murray , who defeated Swiss star Stan Wawrinka in the final .", "url": "https://www.tennisworldusa.org/tennis/news/ATP_Tennis/90419/dick-norman-looking-forward-to-antwerp-event-but-will-cut-corners-this-year/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Sports": 0.9789943099021912}, "second_cat": {"Sports_Golf": 0.9789943099021912}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.007713421744470514, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhbSozx", "stitle": "Black veteran walks free after almost a decade in jail over $ 30 marijuana sale", "seg_title_stem": "black veteran walk free after almost a decade in jail over $ 30 marijuana sale", "seg_content": "A Black veteran sentenced to life behind bars over a petty $ 30 marijuana bust was set free from the Louisiana State Penitentiary on Tuesday , his lawyers said , after his prison term was revisited in court earlier this month . Prosecutors agreed to soften Derek Harris ' punishment , and District Judge Laurie Hulin sentenced him on Aug. 6 to time already served . Harris was leveled with the life sentence in 2012 after he offered less than a gram of pot to an undercover agent . The Gulf War veteran developed a drug addiction after returning to the U.S. from overseas , his lawyer Cormac Boyle said . Harris ' case made it to the Louisiana Supreme Court this summer , and the top court granted him a new hearing in district court . The Promise of Justice Initiative , which represents Harris , shared a video of him smiling after his release from the maximum-security prison at Angola . `` I would like to thank my family -- God first -- my family , '' he said , also offering his appreciation to the PJI , a New Orleans-based nonprofit . A GoFundMe fundraising page was posted for Harris as he works to rebuild his life .", "url": "https://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/ny-20200820-vye5n6lqcvfthl3axdojihluy4-story.html", "text_category": {}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06295273931335317, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {'naked': 1}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhbZSqk", "stitle": "Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo Spied Almost Naked At The ` Ring", "seg_title_stem": "Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo spy almost naked at the ` ring", "seg_content": "Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo Spied At Nurburgring Almost Side Profile The long roof Taycan ca n't come soon enough . The wagon version of the Taycan is near -- well , sort of . The production version of the Mission E Cross Turismo is slated to hit the global stage by the end of this year as revealed at the Annual and Sustainability Report 2019 of Porsche AG , officially named as the Taycan Cross Turismo . While the official date ca n't come soon enough , the Taycan Cross Turismo has been spied several times before to gives us a preview of what 's to come . More recently , our spy photographers spotted the Cross Turismo prototype at the Nürburgring . Though not apparent in the still images , our spy photographers mentioned that the all-electric Porsche wagon is seen doing some handling tests at the Green Hell . How we wish we could get our hands on a spy video for this , but we 'll be on it once available . For now , we can settle with the Taycan Cross Turismo 's design , which is basically revealed here due to the minimal concealment on the vehicle . At the front , it bears the same face as the Taycan sedan , with only subtle nips and tucks . It carries the same LED configuration , as well . Recent Sightings : In profile , the Taycan Cross Turismo looks quite familiar . As it stands , it 's like what the Panamera Sport Turismo is for the Panamera -- a sleek wagon version for those who want practicality without compromising performance . Speaking of performance , the Taycan Cross Turismo is expected to carry the same powertrain setup as its sedan counterpart , which means power outputs that range between 530 horsepower -LRB- 395 kilowatts -RRB- and 761 hp -LRB- 567 kW -RRB- . We can expect a similar range as well , although we do n't want to pre-empt what Porsche has in store for its newest electric vehicle . Of note , the Taycan Cross Turismo is only the beginning of a range of Taycan-based electric Porsches . We 'll know more about this development in the months or years to come . Source : Automedia Video : 7 Reasons Why the New Porsche Panamera GTS Is a Dynamic Driver -LRB- Motor Trend -RRB-", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/autos/news/porsche-taycan-cross-turismo-spied-almost-naked-at-the-ring/ar-BB18azn0", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"TransportationVehicles": 0.8892788290977478}, "second_cat": {"TransportationVehicles_Vehicles": 0.8892788290977478}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.8800686602030633, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'breastfeed': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Whc39Vg", "stitle": "Tia Mowry 's Daughter Cairo Flaunts White Dress and Head Wrap in a Cute Photo", "seg_title_stem": "Tia Mowry 's Daughter Cairo flaunt White Dress and Head Wrap in a cute Photo", "seg_content": "Tia Mowry 's daughter knows how to rock a headwrap . The adorable girl looked bright in her summer dress and hair covering which her doting mother showed off online . On Sunday , Tia Mowry took to Instagram to show off her cute little girl , Cairo . The two-year-old was perfectly dressed for the hot weather in the photo taken outside . Tia , who also has a nine-year-old son , Cree , is best known for starring in the '90s sitcom , `` Sister , Sister '' alongside her twin sister , Tamera Mowry . She shares both kids with her husband , Cory Hardrict . The post is found below . View this post on Instagram #family #thehardricts #fbf #cairo #first #birthday #party A post shared by TiaMowry -LRB- @tiamowry -RRB- on Apr 24 , 2020 at 7:12 am PDT TIA SHARES THE CUTEST PHOTO OF HER DAUGHTER In the photograph , little Cairo stood outside on a green lawn wearing a sleeveless prairie dress . She matched it with a turban style headwrap that featured a rose design at the front . On her feet were a pair of sandals with a bow at the front . In the caption , her mom asked : `` My beautiful -LSB- Cairo -RSB- , what are you thinking about ? '' She added , `` She 's so curious and such a thinker . '' She shared the Instagram handle for the store , Age of Innocence , from whom she bought the sandals her daughter wore in the shot . The post received over 100k likes . View this post on Instagram My beautiful #cairo What are you thinking about ? She 's so curious and such a thinker . ps , we are loving our new sandals from @ageofinnocencebrand ❤ A post shared by TiaMowry -LRB- @tiamowry -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 7:10 am PDT BREASTFEEDING WAS A CHALLENGE FOR TIA Earlier this month , Tia opened up about the challenges of breastfeeding her kids . In a heartwarming post that saw her feeding her daughter , she talked about being unable to do the same with her son . When Cairo was born , Tia tried again . Despite Cairo having a lip tie , Tia was able to breastfeed her baby girl for just over a year . Tia urged mothers struggling with breastfeeding not to beat themselves up . View this post on Instagram Who 's that girl ? La la la la la la la ! Had to switch it up for a minute . ❤ A post shared by TiaMowry -LRB- @tiamowry -RRB- on Aug 11 , 2020 at 7:13 am PDT KEEPING THE OPTIMISM AMID QUARANTINE These days , Tia shares another challenge that many families are going through . In July , the actress talked to People about staying optimistic amid the coronavirus pandemic . Speaking to the outlet , Tia said that her main focus is keeping everyone 's mental health intact , especially that of her kids . She does this , in part , by not filling them in on the `` scary details '' of the crisis . TIA AND HER HUSBAND TOOK THINGS SLOW Luckily , Tia gets a lot of help from her husband . The couple has been married for just over a decade after dating for six years . Tia once revealed that they courted for a year and only kissed after the year passed . The two eventually got married in April 2008 . They welcomed their first child in 2011 . The two have adopted equal caretaking and housekeeping roles within their partnership . View this post on Instagram My husband , you are strong , you are resilient , and you are my King . Know this , when you are tired from fighting , I will make sure to hold you up so that you will be able to recoup and be ready to fight again . Love you @coryhardrict . I will ride with you forever . A post shared by TiaMowry -LRB- @tiamowry -RRB- on Jun 8 , 2020 at 6:30 am PDT TIA TALKS ABOUT CO-SLEEPING WITH KIDS Tia also has a distinct parenting style which some have inquired about . She co-sleeps with her kids for a lengthy period after they are born . For Cree , it was until he turned four years old . Tia once spoke about the non-traditional practice , explaining that both she and her husband are okay with it . On the other hand , Tia 's mother was not on board . View this post on Instagram This is why #motherhood is so rewarding . Seeing the #love that these two have for each other . It 's so #beautiful to witness . Puts the biggest smile on my face and just melts my heart . #cree you are such an incredible big brother to your sister . The way #cairo smiles and #laughs is priceless . As you can see y’ all ! She 's #smiling ❤ A post shared by TiaMowry -LRB- @tiamowry -RRB- on Aug 12 , 2020 at 6:35 am PDT SHE EXPRESSES THE JOYS OF MOTHERHOOD Regardless , Tia is definitely reaping the rewards of motherhood . She said as much in a post last week talking about how happy she is to see her two children interact . View this post on Instagram #love #love #love The #love that 's been shown over the globe these few weeks have been remarkable . The #united voices has brought me to tears . #love drives out darkness . #love is powerful and #love gives me #hope . A post shared by TiaMowry -LRB- @tiamowry -RRB- on Jun 9 , 2020 at 6:12 am PDT `` Puts the biggest smile on my face and just melts my heart , '' wrote the cookbook author . She then called out each child and mentioned one thing she loves about them both . What a beautiful family .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/223974-tia-mowrys-daughter-cairo-flaunts-white.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9999381303787231}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Celebrities": 0.9999381303787231}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.012752056091346718, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhcAyDm", "stitle": "Black veteran walks free after almost a decade in jail over $ 30 marijuana sale", "seg_title_stem": "black veteran walk free after almost a decade in jail over $ 30 marijuana sale", "seg_content": "A Black veteran who was sentenced to life behind bars over a petty $ 30 marijuana bust was set free from the Louisiana State Penitentiary on Tuesday , his lawyers said , after his prison term was revisited in court earlier this month . Prosecutors agreed to soften Derek Harris ' punishment , and District Judge Laurie Hulin sentenced him on Aug. 6 to time already served . Harris was leveled with the life sentence in 2012 after he offered less than a gram of pot to an undercover agent . The Gulf War veteran developed a drug addition after retuning to the U.S. from overseas , his lawyer Cormac Boyle said . Harris ' case made it to the Louisiana Supreme Court this summer , and the top court granted him a new hearing in district court . The Promise of Justice Initiative , which represents Harris , shared a video of him smiling after his release from the maximum-security prison at Angola . `` I would like to thank my family -- God first -- my family , '' he said , also offering his appreciation to the PJI , a New Orleans-based nonprofit . A GoFundMe fundraising page was posted for Harris as he works to rebuild his life .", "url": "https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/crime/black-veteran-walks-free-after-almost-a-decade-in-jail-over-30-marijuana-sale/ar-BB18aqEj", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.787197470664978}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.787197470664978}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1498459178884526, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'sex toy': 1}, 'nostrict': {'indecent': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Whd2lo9", "stitle": "OKC police searching for metro couple who face 52 felony child sex abuse charges", "seg_title_stem": "OKC police search for metro couple who face 52 felony child sex abuse charge", "seg_content": "OKLAHOMA CITY -LRB- KFOR -RRB- -- According to Oklahoma City police , a metro married couple is on the run , facing more than 50 felony sex abuse charges involving a child . OKCPD says a warrant has been issued for 25-year-old Robert Inman and 28-year-old Matthew Inman of Oklahoma City . `` We just thought they were taking a little vacation , '' the suspects ' family member told KFOR . KFOR showed up at the Inmans ' last known address Wednesday when a man , claiming to be a family member , says he thought he was temporarily house-sitting . `` The detectives said they 've been in Florida , '' the family member said . Wednesday , the Oklahoma County District Attorney signed off on 52 counts against the couple , including indecent or lewd acts with a minor , forcible sodomy and child pornography . According to detectives , the abuse had been happening for years . `` The crimes stem back to when this child was just four years old . '' Sgt. Megan Morgan with the Oklahoma City Police Department said . Police say they made several visits to the Inman home over the summer , finding `` content on a cell phone '' and a `` sex toy '' . According to a police report , Matthew and Robert were home at the time , so officers interviewed them . A family member told KFOR on camera the two have n't been home in months , but then changed his story . `` They just left , and the son just told us to come here and stay here at his house , '' the family member said . `` You did n't know there was this alleged sexual assault going on ? '' KFOR reporter Peyton Yager asked . `` No , '' the family member said . `` We did not . I am sorry . '' Robert and Matthew Inman each face a $ 1 million bond when arrested .", "url": "https://kfor.com/news/local/okc-police-searching-for-metro-couple-who-face-52-felony-child-sex-abuse-charges/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.2011632869577728, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Whd6i18", "stitle": "Rise In Reports of Child Sex Trafficking , Exploitation Cases During COVID-19", "seg_title_stem": "rise in report of Child sex trafficking , exploitation case during covid-19", "seg_content": "`` STOLEN '' is a year-long NBC 7 investigation into the sex trafficking and exploitation of children in San Diego County . The seven-episode documentary series is told from the perspective of survivors , advocates -- even traffickers , and sex buyers , explaining the depth and scope of this problem in our communities and our schools . And with more children online during the coronavirus pandemic , experts say they are at greater risk of exploitation now more than ever . `` STOLEN '' celebrates the strength of survivors and their families , as they struggle to free themselves from the bonds of sex trafficking . See the full series here . The novel coronavirus pandemic has impacted nearly every aspect of society . In particular , it has aided in the rise of sex trafficking on national and global levels . Providing the fuel for the increase in sex trafficking during the pandemic : the internet , where traffickers are turning to the use of web cams and chat rooms to exploit their victims . `` One in five kids online are sexually propositioned through gaming platforms and other social media . And those , non-contact oriented forums of sexual exploitation are increasing , '' said Brian Ulicny , a researcher for Thomson-Reuters who co-wrote a recent study looking at human trafficking during the pandemic in conjunction with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Computational Law Program . `` We saw activities that have the potential for being exploitative ; the webcamming sites , and sites where people offer sexually explicit material . They all showed an increase in the number of posts or providers during the coronavirus lockdown , '' added Ulicny . Ulicny and his fellow researchers found that the economic hardship from the shutdown has forced pimps and exploiters to turn to the internet as a source of cash . But economic turmoil is not the only issue fueling the increase in sex trafficking during COVID-19 . Ulicny says because schools and other programs have shuttered , victims have fewer places to turn to report the exploitation and there are fewer chances for the abuse to be recognized . `` Social interactions that children have with people who might be able to intervene or potentially see red flags have dropped . So the potential for exploitation certainly grew during that period , '' he explained . The FBI agrees . In March 2020 , as the virus was spreading throughout the country , the FBI issued a warning to parents regarding the presence of sexual predators on the internet . `` Due to school closings as a result of COVID-19 , children will potentially have an increased online presence and/or be in a position that puts them at an inadvertent risk , '' read the FBI warning . `` Due to this newly developing environment , the FBI is seeking to warn parents , educators , caregivers , and children about the dangers of online sexual exploitation and signs of child abuse . '' There are other signs that the pandemic has put more children at risk . From January through June 2020 , the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children reported a more than 90 % increase in the number of reports it received of `` online enticement '' and calls made into its Cyber TipLine reporting child abuse compared to the year before . So what , if anything , can be done to prevent the online spread of sex trafficking ? Ulicny said in many cases , prevention can begin at home . `` There needs to be better parent parental controls , '' said Ulicny . `` For the most part , I do n't think parents really have any sense about who 's interacting with their kids online . And , the platforms do n't provide many tools for parents to be able to understand who their children are dealing with . '' If you or someone you know could be a victim of sex trafficking or exploitation , call the National Human Trafficking Hotline at 1-888-373-7888 or text the words `` BeFree '' or 233733 If you have a question or story tip for the STOLEN team , email us at stolen@nbcuni.com", "url": "https://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/investigations/rise-in-reports-of-child-sex-trafficking-exploitation-cases-during-covid-19/2388917/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety": 0.977119505405426}, "second_cat": {"CrimePublicsafety_Other": 0.977119505405426}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.21563379501489202, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhdNtun", "stitle": "Did the ` Sex and the City ' Finale Focus Too Much on What Fans Wanted to See ?", "seg_title_stem": "do the ` sex and the City ' Finale Focus Too much on what fan want to see ?", "seg_content": "Sex and the City was one of the most iconic TV series ever to grace premium cable channels . During its six-season run , fans fell in love with Carrie Bradshaw , Miranda Hobbs , Samantha Jones , Charlotte York , and everything they stood for . By the end of the series , however , the four independent women all , predictably , ended up in serious relationships , much to the chagrin of viewers who signed on to watch four independent ladies make their way in the big city . Did the show focus too heavily on the romance that some fans wanted to see ? Darren Star , the producer of the series , seems to think so . Darren Star was not thrilled with how the series ended Star has spoken openly about Sex and the City and the way the series shaped the television world . In the years since the show ended , Star has discussed everything from casting decisions to the show 's storylines in a series of interviews . In one particularly honest and open discussion , he even admitted that he hated the ending of the series . According to People , Star stated , `` I think the show ultimately betrayed what it was about , which was that women do n't ultimately find happiness from marriage . '' Star is n't alone in his assessment . Chris Noth has also spoken pretty openly about his distaste for the way the series ended . Noth , who portrayed Mr. Big for six seasons and in both movie adaptations , has said that the overly romantic gestures did n't jive with his character . Mr. Big was supposed to be suave but emotionally closed off . The big romantic gestures , like flying to Paris to retrieve Carrie , and his second proposal at the end of Sex and the City : The Movie , were incredibly out of character . At the end of the day , Noth is right . It was out of character for Mr. Big , but it most assuredly was what a lot of fans wanted to see . What was Star 's vision for the Sex and the City finale ? While Star stopped short of telling fans what he would have liked to see from the series finale , one can assume it would have been free of Noth 's iconic character , Mr. Big . Perhaps Star would have never dragged Carrie to Paris to chase Aleksandr Petrovsky , or maybe he would have had her find her own way back to the friendships that truly shaped the series . Either way , it 's safe to say that Star did n't foresee Mr. Big , or anyone else , swooping in to save the day . Star , however , admitted that he had to give up control of his characters . He handed over the reins and the writers created their own vision . He is not the first producer or showrunner who was left underwhelmed by what other writers did with the characters they nurtured . Amy Sherman-Palladino , the famed showrunner of Gilmore Girls , has been open about her disdain for the final season of Gilmore Girls . She even admitted she never bothered to watch it , and , instead , relied on other people to tell her what transpired in the final episodes of the series that she created . What was so wrong with the Sex and the City finale ? For many fans , the show 's finale was everything they could have hoped for . The two-part episode appeared to tie up all of the loose ends and wrapped the show on a series of high notes . The finale found Miranda moving to Brooklyn to give Brady the space he needed to thrive . Samantha found her Prince Charming in Smith Jared , and Charlotte and Harry were approved to adopt , fulfilling Charlotte 's lifelong dream of becoming a mother . Most importantly , the finale left fans with the sense that Mr. Big and Carrie were finally going to make their relationship work . To the more romantically-inclined viewers , the series ended with each of the characters ultimately getting exactly what they always wanted . For the more cynical viewers , the finale stripped each of the ladies of their independence and ensured they relied on men to find their happy endings . Sex and the City , as Star suggests , was never supposed to be about men swooping in to save the day . It was about the ladies living their independent lives and relying on their friends to help them through the bumpier moments .", "url": "https://www.cheatsheet.com/entertainment/did-the-sex-and-the-city-finale-focus-too-much-on-what-fans-wanted-to-see.html/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_TV_ShowsPrograms": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.21323976326827304, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'porn': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhdcMBp", "stitle": "It Starts With A Conversation : How To Protect Your Child From Falling Victim To Sex Trafficking Or Predators Online", "seg_title_stem": "it start with a conversation : how to protect you Child from Falling Victim to sex trafficking or Predators Online", "seg_content": "`` STOLEN '' is a year-long NBC 7 investigation into the sex trafficking and exploitation of children in San Diego County . The seven-episode documentary series is told from the perspective of survivors , advocates -- even traffickers , and sex buyers , explaining the depth and scope of this problem in our communities and our schools . And with more children online during the coronavirus pandemic , experts say they are at greater risk of exploitation now more than ever . `` STOLEN '' celebrates the strength of survivors and their families , as they struggle to free themselves from the bonds of sex trafficking . See the full series here . Parenthood is full of awkward conversations . Whether that conversation is about sex , sickness , divorce , death , or any of life 's tragedies , those conversations help gain your child 's trust . And , as more and more kids are signing into social media apps and websites , so too are the sexual predators who are looking to recruit young boys and girls into a life of sex trafficking . To offset the increased exposure caused by social media and technology , experts are placing more and more emphasis on parents to sit down and have conversations with their children to make them aware of the dangers that lurk online . Doing so not only helps inform them but can help your child gain trust that is needed in order to keep them from making life-altering decisions that could tear them away from loved ones and tear their lives apart . Researchers from Baylor University found that parents should be having those conversations with their children at an early age . And while specifics about sex trafficking will likely not do much other than scare and confuse young children , teaching them to respect and care for their bodies , as well as learning about the importance of private space , is a starting point in the larger conversation . In addition , learning about gender stereotypes and equality can also help your child prepare for any potential threats that could arise . For those over the age of 7 and into their pre-teen years , experts at Baylor suggest parents and guardians talk to children about the differences between forced and fair labor . One way that experts say can help that tip sink in is to start giving their children an allowance . Ask them if their allowance would be enough to pay an adult for work . That will allow them to understand fair and equitable wages as well as the distinction between forced and fair labor . While teens are the most capable of understanding , they may be put off by the awkwardness of the topic . However , they are the ones most at risk , making it that much more important for that conversation to take place . Despite any potential long , awkward silences , researchers say conversations about sex are important and that the teen knows that their bodies are not for sale , nor are they a commodity . If they are dating , advocates advise explaining to them that sexual encounters should always be 100 % consensual and that our bodies are never a means for us , or someone else , to get something we want . A teen 's first job is a milestone , a right of passage of sorts . But experts say it is important to talk to them about financial responsibility , and how bad financial habits often lead to bad decision making . So , just when is a good time to have that conversation ? It varies , but experts are sure about one thing , it should happen as soon as your teenager gets their hand on their own smartphone . But the rise of technology and apps is not all bad when it comes to sex trafficking . More and more apps and programs are available to help inform parents and their children about new tactics employed by sexual predators . One of which is NetSmartz , an online safety education program that provides age-appropriate learning material that helps teach children the dangers of predators that stalk the internet looking for new victims . Parents can also download a PowerPoint with tips on how to start a conversation from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . For more helpful tips and websites , on human trafficking in the San Diego region , read through the San Diego County District Attorney 's frequently asked questions about the industry , or browse around on The Ugly Truth 's website . There are also toolkits parents can use to start the discussion about porn , media , and screen time : Learn more from the World Without Exploitation webinar Growing Up in a Porn Culture : Social , emotional , and cognitive impact on youth with Dr. Gail Dines If you or someone you know could be a victim of sex trafficking or exploitation , call the National Human Trafficking Hotline at 1-888-373-7888 or text the words `` BeFree '' or 233733 If you have a question or story tip for the STOLEN team , email us at stolen@nbcuni.com", "url": "https://www.nbcsandiego.com/news/investigations/it-starts-with-a-conversation-how-to-protect-your-child-from-falling-victim-to-sex-trafficking-or-predators-online/2388344/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.6368857622146606}, "second_cat": {"Society_Other": 0.6368857622146606}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.11535933872120971, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Whe2y2N", "stitle": "Gunna Is Going On A Cleanse : `` No Drugs No Sex No Media ! ''", "seg_title_stem": "Gunna be go on a cleanse : `` no drug no sex no Media ! ''", "seg_content": "It 's time for Gunna to make some changes on the homefront . It 's been a whirlwind of a ride for Gunna over the last few years and the Atlanta rapper has become a strong force in the rap game , especially as he heeds the advice of his YSL mentor Young Thug . Days ago , Gunna united with friends as they celebrated Thugger 's birthday , gifting the chart-topping rapper with $ 100K and a cupcake . Time with those he holds near and dear has Gunna reflecting on what 's important because the WUNNA rapper took to Twitter to share a brief thought about his upcoming plans . Gunna has often been the target of trolls who attack him about his weight , and it seems that their words may have taken root . On Wednesday -LRB- August 19 -RRB- the rapper tweeted , `` I 'm bouta start a mind body and soul cleansing ! No drugs No sex No media ! '' Even after sharing that he wants to get himself aligned , hundreds of people jumped in his comments to peg him with insults about his looks . There were some people who showed support for Gunna and wanted to wish him well , but many could n't believe that the rapper could really give up weed and sex . Check out his tweet below and let us know if you 'd be able to adhere to Gunna 's rules .", "url": "https://www.hotnewhiphop.com/gunna-is-going-on-a-cleanse-no-drugs-no-sex-no-media-news.116362.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_HipHop": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.022021586910504494, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Whe4dfw", "stitle": "Mechanical Weeding Trials Showing Promising Results in Tomatoes", "seg_title_stem": "mechanical weed trial show Promising result in Tomatoes", "seg_content": "Researchers are continuing their work on a series of mechanical weeding trials in fields of processing tomatoes . The project is being made possible by support from the California Tomato Research Institute . The field trials are comparing the efficacy of automated and mechanical cultivators to control weeds in processing tomatoes . `` Ideally , we 're hoping to demonstrate the benefits , challenges , and costs of using these cultivators to supplement herbicides and reduce hand-weeding costs for processing tomatoes in the Central Valley , '' said Amber Vinchesi-Vahl , Vegetable Crops Advisor based in Colusa working on the project . Vegetable Crop Advisor , Scott Stoddard is also working on similar trials in Merced County as part of the project . Amber Vinchesi-Vahl explained that she has been working with growers on nine plots comparing control fields to those who have been using mechanical and automated weeders . There has been a fairly wide range of results thus far in the project . `` We had a lot of variation within plots for the treatments . For example , the Robovator yields ranged all over the place , same with the finger weeder and the controls . We have a lot of yield variation , '' Vinchesi-Vahl noted . The mechanical weeding equipment is being pulled behind tractors addressing in-row weeds . The finger weeder has interlocking fingers that pull weeds from the plant row . The automated weeder is more technologically advanced , recognizing the difference between weeds and plants opening and closing its blades accordingly . The weeders can vary in how they are fabricated with Vinchesi-Vahl explaining that the growers she 's working with are using a five-bed finger weeder . Although the variation has been substantial in the mechanical weeding trials thus far , most of the results have been higher rather than lower . Amber Vinchesi-Vahl described the weed control variation for the finger weeder as ranging between 28 percent and 87 percent , and between 62 percent and 79 percent for the Robovator . `` It 's possible that the one plot with the finger weeder -- where we only had 28 percent weed control -- that particular area of the field had significant bindweed and that 's something that 's very difficult for cultivators to pull up , '' Amber Vinchesi-Vahl explained . In Colusa County , multiple growers have begun purchasing finger weeders and have been reporting success with their implementation . The automated weeders still remain significantly more expensive . It is still early on in the overall project , so more data will be collected to add to the mechanical weeding trials . `` We 'll analyze the costs associated and hopefully come up with some suggestions and recommendations , '' said Amber Vinchesi-Vahl . Listen to the interview below .", "url": "http://agnetwest.com/mechanical-weeding-trials-showing-promising-results-in-tomatoes/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"JobsEducation": 0.8997642993927002}, "second_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education": 0.8997642993927002}, "third_cat": {"JobsEducation_Education_Other": 0.8997642993927002}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.12593573806627634, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'fucking': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WheWKZU", "stitle": "Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was", "seg_title_stem": "down in the weed , where the World once be", "seg_content": "This -- -LSB- gestures broadly -RSB- -- is happening , and Conor Oberst is singing over a `` Hotline Bling '' - type beat . The uncanny moment occurs almost halfway through Bright Eyes ' 10th album , Down in the Weeds , Where the World Once Was . `` The world went down in flames and man-made caves , '' the beloved Omaha bandleader sings on `` Pan and Broom , '' backed by the sort of rudimentary drum-machine clicks that powered Drake 's world-conquering 2015 smash . Though the musical setting is contemporary , the message is familiar for Bright Eyes , with lyrics that are as personal as they are apocalyptic . In between a push down the stairs and a flight to Tulum , Oberst 's narrator uses the titular pan and broom to sweep up his dreams . Since rising up out of the flat and corny Midwest in 1995 like a quivery-voiced derecho storm , Bright Eyes have never shied away from the maudlin , a tendency that once caused non-teenagers to look down their noses . In recent years , as Oberst has focused on solo projects and other collaborations , the band 's cultural status has solidified : Post Malone interpolated them for Young Thug , Mac Miller covered them , Lil Peep sampled them . Oberst is now bandmates with Phoebe Bridgers , in their open-hearted folk-rock duo Better Oblivion Community Center . And the 1975 's Matt Healy , for one , endorses those scare-quoted mid - ' 00s `` new Dylan '' comparisons . Bright Eyes have belatedly found critical acceptance as a kind of musical rite of passage for smart , sensitive youths . That 's not faint praise , but it still seems to sell them short as their first wave of fans age into their 30s and 40s . The emotional outpourings of a wunderkind are easy to dismiss as raw passion . With Down in the Weeds , the painstaking craft of Oberst and the other two longtime Bright Eyes members -- producer Mike Mogis and multi-instrumentalist Nate Walcott -- is on vivid display . As related in innumerable quarantine interviews , the band deliberately ransacked disparate aspects from their back-catalog : lush orchestral pop , twangy Americana , warped electronic textures , blown-out distortion , tremulous whispers-to-a-scream . Flea plays slap bass on several tracks and never raises an eyebrow . Rather than try to recapture lost youth , as their tour through past sounds might imply , the group glories in incipient middle age . Oberst , who has recently gone through a divorce and the death of his brother , brings that perspective to his ornate but piercing lyrics . You can scream along to Down in the Weeds , but also quietly appreciate it -- a testament to the artistry that went into this Bright Eyes album and all the others from which it draws . Almost every song here shoves interpersonal woes against societal angst in a fundamentally Bright Eyes way . On the bizarro wedding-dance swooner `` One and Done , '' before pointing at `` the masochists all celebrating love , '' Oberst mentions `` the final field recording from the loud Anthropocene , '' and that lofty sense of doom suffuses the record . Standout `` To Death 's Heart -LRB- In Three Parts -RRB- '' links visceral introspection -LRB- Oberst asks , `` What 's it like to live with me here/Every fucking day ? '' -RRB- with the tragic 2015 attacks on the Bataclan in Paris and , as if moving by dream logic , Pink Floyd 's `` Wish You Were Here . '' `` All these same fears/Year after year , '' Oberst sings , paraphrasing the classic-rock standard . It 's an apt mission statement for Bright Eyes ' return : Age has n't dimmed the relevance of their existential anxieties . Or , as Oberst told an interviewer , `` I take no joy in being right about all of this stuff . '' The specters of Oberst 's ex-wife and late brother hang over the proceedings . The first voice on the album is the Spanish-language , spoken-word lilt of Corina Figueroa Escamilla , who still shares two dogs with Oberst , on a ragtime - and mushrooms-inspired opener that establishes the audacious , très-Bright-Eyes scope of the record . The folk-rock romp `` Tilt-A-Whirl '' begins with Oberst singing , `` My phantom brother came to me . '' A queasy Marxophone interlude ca n't lighten the misery : `` Life 's a solitary song , '' the lifelong singer sings , `` no one to clap or sing along . '' On another highlight , the melancholic `` Stairwell Song , '' Oberst constructs a specific-yet-ambiguous story that could address either lost partner , or neither . He concludes with a wink , howling `` You like cinematic endings '' as a triumphant swell of horns and strings cues the credits . Not all of the satisfactions of Down in the Weeds are so baroque . Joined by a gospel choir on the comparatively buoyant `` Forced Convalescence , '' Oberst is hilarious as he sings about `` catastrophizing '' his 40th birthday , and the inability to escape from `` housework , or the bank clerk , or the priest . '' On the piano ballad `` Hot Car in the Sun , '' Oberst might be `` dreaming of my ex-wife 's face , '' or having sad visions of overheating dogs , but in the real world he 's just chopping celery for soup : `` Did n't have much else to do , '' he confides . On the wide-screen finale , `` Comet Song , '' he sets out a household scene that 's uncomfortably easy to picture : `` You clenched your fist/You threw the dish/And called me Peter Pan/Your aim 's not very accurate . '' The whole of this album is more than the sum of the parts , but the parts can still be devastating . But Down in the Weeds falters when it loses touch with its essential grandiosity , in a handful of songs that feel more like standalones than threads in a tapestry . `` Dance and Sing , '' a jaunty and well-earned call for love and endurance , is more easily digestible than many songs here , but also less dazzling . The most conventional pick among the pre-release singles , the slick stadium-rocker `` Mariana Trench , '' also works well enough , its lyrical purview spanning from Mt. Everest to `` your other brother 's grave , '' but does n't reach into the next level of detail that raises goosebumps elsewhere . Down in the Weeds , recorded before the global pandemic , suits the daily desolation of lockdown . It also makes me regret that Oberst ca n't perform these songs live , where young fans and old could form bonds as lasting with them as with Bright Eyes ' past staples . On `` Nothing Gets Crossed Out , '' a confessional from the 2002 classic Lifted , Oberst worried aloud about the future , singing , `` I 'm just too afraid of all this change . '' Down in the Weeds begins with the vow , `` Got to change like your life is depending on it , '' and peaks about the point where Oberst looks back on his psychic aches and stutters , `` All that 's constant is that change . '' Running over the same old ground , Bright Eyes have found the same old fears . Wish they were here . Buy : Rough Trade -LRB- Pitchfork earns a commission from purchases made through affiliate links on our site . -RRB- Catch up every Saturday with 10 of our best-reviewed albums of the week . Sign up for the 10 to Hear newsletter here .", "url": "https://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/bright-eyes-down-in-the-weeds-where-the-world-once-was/", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music": 1.0000100135803223}, "third_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Music_Rock": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.05097982253589892, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhetdOW", "stitle": "TV tonight : can therapy rehabilitate sex offenders ?", "seg_title_stem": "tv tonight : can therapy rehabilitate sex offender ?", "seg_content": "Can Sex Offenders Change ? 10.45 pm , BBC One A frank and confrontational documentary in which abuse survivor Becky Southworth interviews a number of men across the country who were convicted of child sex offences and , rather than being imprisoned , are now part of rehabilitation programmes . With her estranged father having undergone one such programme while in prison for his offences , Southworth questions whether therapy can effectively rehabilitate and integrate perpetrators of abuse back into society . Ammar Kalia Celebrity MasterChef : A Recipe for Success 8pm , BBC One This compilation series marking 15 years of the celebrity cooking contest continues with this episode focusing on team challenges . From pairing up to cook in the studio to working as a team to cater in a commercial kitchen , John Torode and Gregg Wallace relive the chaotic moments . AK Criminal Kids : Crime & Punishment 9pm , Channel 4 The acclaimed series about the work of the police and justice system returns for a second run . This episode explores why Britain is struggling to keep children from criminality , following on from an investigation into a series of burglaries the police believe are linked to a group of teenagers . Hannah J Davies A League of Their Own 9pm , Sky One There might not currently be as much sport on our screens as usual . But that does n't mean we need to do without its traditional accompaniment : banter . Jamie Redknapp , Freddie Flintoff and Romesh Ranganathan return for a 15th series of the prank-happy quiz . Guests include Andy Murray . Phil Harrison Mandy 9.30 pm , BBC Two Another double-bill of the excellent bitesize comedy written , directed by and starring Diane Morgan . Her chain-smoking schemer Mandy -- in some ways daffier but certainly savvier than Philomena Cunk -- attempts to hop on to the profitable Airbnb bandwagon before landing a risque gig in a sushi bar . Graeme Virtue Squeamish About 10.30 pm , BBC Two Matt Berry 's bumbling historian Michael Squeamish reaches London in this week 's episode of his archive-raiding satire . Squeamish rattles through everything from the Great Fire of London -- which caused # 5 worth of damage -- to the royal family 's relocation to a terraced house after the Blitz . AK Film choice Hollywoodland -LRB- Allen Coulter , 2006 -RRB- , 9pm , AMC Allen Coulter 's world-weary , gritty noir takes the true story of the apparent suicide of TV Superman George Reeves -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- in 1959 , and has a fictional private eye -LRB- Adrien Brody -RRB- suspecting foul play : it is a fascinating investigation into the dark heart of Tinseltown , turning an eye on itself . Paul Howlett Live sport European Tour golf : The Women 's British Open 10.30 am , Sky Sports Main Event . Day one coverage . European Tour golf : The ISPS Handa Wales Open 1.30 pm , Sky Sports Main Event . First day coverage from Newport . Baseball : New York Yankees v Tampa Bay Rays 6pm , BT Sport 1 . American League match from Yankee Stadium .", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/2020/aug/20/tv-tonight-can-therapy-rehabilitate-sex-offenders", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9840273261070251}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9840273261070251}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.7495953642199182, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Whf9upN", "stitle": "LL Cool J 's Wife Simone Smith Flaunts Her Gorgeous Makeup Look and Hairstyle in a New Selfie", "seg_title_stem": "ll cool j 's Wife Simone Smith flaunt she gorgeous makeup look and Hairstyle in a New Selfie", "seg_content": "LL Cool J 's wife Simone Smith stepped up her glow up game as she shared a photo of herself with beautiful makeup on and her fans can not get enough of the look . Simone Smith is in a mood to shine and the internet is all for it . The gorgeous wife of rapper LL Cool J just served her Instagram fans with a full makeup look . In an Instagram post , Smith gave her fans a closer look into her dolled-up face . Her skin looked fresh and dewy and her beautiful locks cascaded down her shoulder . BRINGING OUT THE GLOW In the caption , Smith included a quote from the Bible as she reminded her fans to let their souls glow . Besides her makeup , there was something else that stood out in the picture . She wore a golden chain around her neck that featured the name of her grandson , King James , who is the son of her daughter , Italia . View this post on Instagram ™ Let your soul GLOW ✨ ✨ ✨ ✨ Psalms 36:9 AMP For with You is the fountain of life -LSB- the fountain of life-giving water -RSB- ; In Your light we see light . A post shared by Simone I. Smith -LRB- @sislovespurple -RRB- on Aug 17 , 2020 at 11:47 am PDT Smith and LL Cool J have been together for many decades now . Besides Italia , Smith and her husband are proud parents to their two other daughters , Samaria and Nina , and a son , Najee . View this post on Instagram Challenge accepted my beautiful sisters !! Thank you for nominating me @debbiestylez & @katherine_tess A post shared by Simone I. Smith -LRB- @sislovespurple -RRB- on Jul 24 , 2020 at 5:14 pm PDT SIMONE AND LL COOL J MET BY CHANCE LL Cool J is a gifted actor and a Grammy-winning musician , but perhaps the greatest achievement of his life is his family and his enduring marriage to his wife . Smith and LL Cool J have been together for many decades now . The lovebirds first met when they were merely teenagers back in 1987 . View this post on Instagram Love is black and white , with a little red lip , to make it hot A post shared by Simone I. Smith -LRB- @sislovespurple -RRB- on Feb 14 , 2020 at 7:36 pm PST During one of his appearances in the `` Jimmy Kimmel Show , '' LL Cool J shared that he and Smith met for the first time when he stopped by to say hello to a friend on Easter . The rapper 's friend wanted him to meet his cousin who was no other than Smith . Although LL Cool J was not so interested at first , he changed his mind after laying his eyes on her and the rest is history . View this post on Instagram All Black Everything ✨ ✨ ✨ #grammys2020 #pregrammygala A post shared by Simone I. Smith -LRB- @sislovespurple -RRB- on Jan 25 , 2020 at 8:57 pm PST HOW THEY MADE THEIR MARRIAGE LAST After dating for eight years , the couple walked down the aisle in 1995 . They have stuck by each other 's sides through thick and thin . On how LL Cool J and Smith have made their marriage last , they believe that the key to a lasting marriage is a lot of compromises , respect , and the knowledge of how a person desires to be loved .", "url": "https://news.amomama.com/224046-ll-cool-js-wife-simone-smith-flaunts-her.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 0.9980772137641907}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 0.9980772137641907}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.268342387664518, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'breastfeed': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhfHZff", "stitle": "Breast milk is not a potential source of infection , indicates study", "seg_title_stem": "breast milk be not a potential source of infection , indicate study", "seg_content": "As the novel coronavirus continues to spread around the world , so do the concerns of breastfeeding mothers . Although there have been no documented cases to date of an infant contracting COVID-19 as a result of consuming infected breast milk , the critical question of whether there is potential for this form of transmission remains . In a recent study , researchers from University of California San Diego School of Medicine and University of California Los Angeles collaborated to find the answer . The study , published August 19 , 2020 in the online edition of JAMA , examined 64 samples of breast milk collected by the Mommy 's Milk Human Milk Research Biorepository from 18 women across the United States infected with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- . Although one sample tested positive for viral RNA , subsequent tests found that the virus was unable to replicate , and thus unable to cause infection in the breastfed infant . `` Detection of viral RNA does not equate to infection . It has to grow and multiply in order to be infectious and we did not find that in any of our samples , '' said Christina Chambers , PhD , MPH , co-principal investigator of the study , professor of pediatrics at UC San Diego School of Medicine , director of Mommy 's Milk Human Milk Research Biorepository and co-director of the UC San Diego Center for Better Beginnings . `` Our findings suggest breast milk itself is not likely a source of infection for the infant . '' The current recommendations to prevent transmission while breastfeeding are hand hygiene and sterilizing pumping equipment after each use . `` In the absence of data , some women infected with SARS-CoV-2 have chosen to just not breastfeed at all , '' said Grace Aldrovandi , MD , co-principal investigator of the study , chief of the Division of Infectious Diseases at UCLA Mattel Children 's Hospital and a professor of pediatrics in the David Geffen School of Medicine at UC Los Angeles . `` We hope our results and future studies will give women the reassurance needed for them to breastfeed . Human milk provides invaluable benefits to mom and baby . '' Early breastfeeding is associated with a reduced risk of sudden infant death syndrome and obesity in children , as well as improved immune health and performance on intelligence tests . In mothers , breastfeeding has been associated with lower risks for breast and ovarian cancer , cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes . The researchers also mimicked conditions of the Holder pasteurization process commonly used in human donor milk banks by adding SARS-CoV-2 to breast milk samples from two different donors who were not infected . The samples were heated to 62.5 °C for 30 minutes and then cooled to 4 °C . Following pasteurization , the infectious virus was not detected in either sample . This is a very positive finding for donor milk , which so many infants , especially those born premature , rely on . Our findings fill in some important gaps , but more studies are needed with larger sample sizes to confirm these findings . '' Christina Chambers , PhD , MPH , Co-Principal Investigator and Professor , Department of Pediatrics , School of Medicine , University of California San Diego Chambers said future work will not only look at whether breast milk is free of the virus , but also whether it contains active antiviral components . For example , antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 that women may produce after exposure to the virus and then transfer to their infants through breast milk , protecting them from COVID-19 . Source : Journal reference : Chambers , C. , et al. -LRB- 2020 -RRB- Evaluation for SARS-CoV-2 in Breast Milk From 18 Infected Women . JAMA . doi.org/10.1001/jama.2020.15580 .", "url": "https://www.news-medical.net/news/20200820/Breast-milk-is-not-a-potential-source-of-infection-indicates-study.aspx", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.014658088698831126, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhfPHAn", "stitle": "Marijuana impairs workers , endangers workplaces", "seg_title_stem": "marijuana impair worker , endanger workplace", "seg_content": "Despite a constant push by big marijuana to promote marijuana legalization so that it can cash in on new markets , Nebraska has wisely rejected the lobbying of drug advocates . The $ 13.6 billion marijuana industry 's latest efforts have tried to rebrand the drug as a medical tool -- even though it 's not approved for medical use . In reality , there is no difference in the chemical composition or potency of recreational marijuana and so-called `` medical marijuana . '' The same products are being sold under both labels . Today 's commercially grown marijuana and processed pot products have ever-increasing levels of THC , contributing to greater and greater highs for the user , along with larger complications . The negative effects of marijuana on brain development in youth and cognitive function among marijuana users of all ages are widely known . THC , the psychoactive component of marijuana , creates sensory distortions that alter depth perception , inhibit coordination , slow reaction time , and impair motor skills . Drugged drivers on the road , however , are not the only dangerous consequence of marijuana use . An impaired workforce poses a serious and potentially more widespread threat to public health and employment satisfaction in the Good Life . Drug use in the workplace contributes to higher rates of injury and accidents among workers . The Journal of the American Medical Association reported 55 % more accidents , 85 % more injuries , and 75 % greater absenteeism among employees who had marijuana present in their pre-employment drug test than those who did not . Marijuana use off the job has negative effects at work , as significant data demonstrates cognitive impairment persists for days after use , even when the initial high has worn off . In a low-unemployment state like Nebraska where businesses struggle to find workers , this is a major concern . Between one in seven and one and eight Americans have used marijuana in the past year according to the most recent National Survey on Drug Use and Health . For employers in industries where a safe workplace is a top priority , finding drug-free workers can be a challenge . In neighboring Colorado , some employers in industries who must have a zero-tolerance policy for marijuana use , like construction , look to non-legalized states to hire employees . As construction company CEO G.E. Johnson told the Colorado Springs Gazette : `` This is a very troublesome issue for our industry , but I do not see us bending or lowering our hiring standards , '' Johnson said . `` Our workplaces are too dangerous and too dynamic to tolerate drug use . And marijuana ? In many ways , this is worse than alcohol . I 'm still in shock at how we -LRB- Colorado -RRB- voted . Everyone was asleep at the wheel . '' In the case of employees who operate heavy machinery , deliver products in trucks , work on manufacturing lines , and do construction , workplace injuries due to marijuana use can be deadly . For customers and clients of Nebraska businesses , impaired workers on the job pose a serious threat to consumer safety . Marijuana not only increases immediate risk for workplace safety , but also has a significant negative impact on worker productivity . A large study published in the journal Addiction tracked 2,000 workers over a period of 25 years starting in their mid-20s . Marijuana users were less committed to work and their lack of commitment worsened throughout life compared to those who did not use marijuana . The results remained statistically significant even when a number of other factors known to be related to work commitment were considered , including education , socio-economic background , family , and mental health . To grow Nebraska , we must grow our workforce , and that starts with protecting the health and well-being of our people . Less committed , impaired workers due to marijuana is not a path toward a better Nebraska workforce . The large number of young adults regularly using marijuana suggests the challenges of a drug-free workforce will only increase as the marijuana industry grows . More than one in three 18-25 year olds were past-year users of marijuana , and one in seven 12th graders have vaped THC in the last 30 days according to a University of Nebraska Medical Center study . In a good economy , Nebraska already has more jobs than people that are willing to take them . With marijuana on the market , the workforce development challenges the business community and the State have been working to address would only be exacerbated . Throughout my time as Governor , I have been committed to growing Nebraska . In keeping with this vision , I have taken numerous steps to build a well-educated , well-prepared , highly skilled , and safe workforce . Over the past few years , that has included expanding registered apprenticeship opportunities and establishing career scholarship programs . Recently , it has meant working with businesses to slow the spread of coronavirus . All Nebraskans deserve a safe working environment . For Nebraska employers , workers , and consumers , legalization of marijuana and normalization of its use , in any form , would be a step backward . If you have questions about how marijuana would decrease productivity and make workplaces less safe , you can send me an email at pete.ricketts@nebraska.gov or call 402-471-2244 . Now is the time to get Nebraska growing . Let 's keep our workforce strong and protect our families , workplaces , and communities from the negative impact of marijuana legalization .", "url": "https://yorknewstimes.com/editorial/marijuana-impairs-workers-endangers-workplaces/article_53d16bc8-e296-11ea-84d4-270fb992e144.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Society": 0.7797676920890808}, "second_cat": {"Society_Advocacy": 0.7797676920890808}, "third_cat": {"Society_Advocacy_Other": 0.7797676920890808}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.1044063392758906, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0Whg2HWW", "stitle": "Breast cancer breakthrough as new treatment requires one shot of radiotherapy instead of multiple doses", "seg_title_stem": "breast cancer breakthrough as new treatment require one shot of radiotherapy instead of multiple dose", "seg_content": "A breakthrough breast cancer therapy which requires just one shot of radiotherapy unlike the traditional treatment which takes weeks has been found to be as effective in treating the illness . The study , published in the BMJ , looks at the therapy developed by University College London clinicians which is increasingly accessible throughout the world . Researchers confirmed the long-term effectiveness of the breast cancer single-dose treatment known as Targeted Intraoperative Radiotherapy -LRB- TARGIT-IORT -RRB- which is carried out straight after tumour removal through a small ball-shaped device placed inside the breast exactly where the cancer was . The treatment takes about 20 to 30 minutes to carry out and eradicates the need for additional hospital visits -- taking far less time out of patient 's lives and thereby boosting their well-being . Professor Jayant Vaidya , who was the study 's lead author , said : `` With TARGIT-IORT , women can have their surgery and radiation treatment for breast cancer all at the same time . `` This reduces the amount of time spent in hospital and enables women to recover more quickly , meaning they can get back to their lives more quickly . `` With publication of these very positive long-term results , it is now clear that this treatment should be made much more freely available . It should be accessible to healthcare providers and discussed with patients when surgery for breast cancer is being planned . '' Around 55,000 women and 370 men are diagnosed with breast cancer , which is the most prevalent type of cancer in the UK , each year -- with around 11,500 women and 80 men dying from the disease in Britain every year . Professor Michael Baum , one of the study 's authors , said : `` These results are the highest level of evidence proving not only the effectiveness of TARGIT-IORT but confirming that it avoids deaths from other causes . I am pleased that it will benefit thousands of breast cancer patients around the world . '' Earlier studies have found the new breast cancer treatment has fewer radiation-linked side effects and less pain in comparison to traditional whole breast radiotherapy . Conventional external beam radiotherapy -LRB- EBRT -RRB- involves a daily treatment session to the whole breast over a period which spans from three to six weeks -- involving anywhere from 15 to 30 trips to the hospital in total . Professor Jeffrey Tobias , another author , noted the new therapy does away with patients having to go to the radiotherapy centre every day . He said : `` With TARGIT-IORT , a large proportion of patients with breast cancer will never need to make the repeated daily visits to the radiotherapy centre . They avoid side effects of whole breast radiotherapy . Importantly , TARGIT-IORT reduces the burden on overstretched radiotherapy departments . '' Some 2,298 women who were older than 45 with breast cancer and a tumour of up to 3.5 cm in size were randomly selected to either have TARGIT-IORT or external beam radiotherapy for the study . The long-term research involved 32 hospitals and medical centres in ten countries spanning from the UK to Germany , France , Italy , Norway , Poland , Switzerland , Canada , Australia and America . Researchers found with the breakthrough new single-dose breast cancer therapy , eight out of every ten patients did not require any further post-operative radiotherapy treatments . There was also found to be no rise in the chances of the cancer coming back . Substantially fewer women also died from causes other than breast cancer with the new treatment . Mia Rosenblatt , of Breast Cancer Now , said : `` This encouraging research provides further evidence that radiotherapy delivered at the same time as breast-conserving surgery for some women with early breast cancer offers similar outcomes to traditional radiotherapy . `` We know that the innovative Intrabeam treatment is already available in some areas , and can reduce the need for multiple hospital visits and lessen the side-effects experienced . This can make a huge difference at an already challenging time . '' She said it is crucial all women have clear information about the `` benefits and risks '' of the different ways of delivering radiotherapy to enable them to make an `` informed choice '' . Ms Rosenblatt added : `` Anyone with questions or concerns about their current breast cancer treatment can call our free helpline on 0808 800 6000 . Our nurses are just at the end of the phone '' .", "url": "https://www.independent.co.uk/news/health/breast-cancer-treatment-one-shot-radiotherapy-targitiort-ucl-a9678506.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.06618034290597621, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'intimacy': 1, 'sex scene': 1, 'sex scenes': 1}, 'nostrict': {'nudity': 1}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {'sex scene': 1, 'sex scenes': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhggPRz", "stitle": "Filmmakers told to ditch sex scenes to protect actors from coronavirus", "seg_title_stem": "filmmaker tell to ditch sex scene to protect actor from coronavirus", "seg_content": "British film and TV directors are being encouraged to seek inspiration from classic romances such as Casablanca and ditch depictions of sex altogether when planning intimate scenes under new guidelines for directing during the Covid-19 crisis . Directors UK , the professional association for screen directors in Britain , suggested some creative alternatives to avoid sex scenes with physical interaction while social distancing is required , in an update to its Directing Nudity and Simulated Sex guidelines , which are focused on safe working during the pandemic . The guidelines suggest that characters `` could be shown fixing their own clothes/re-dressing after the event '' or limbs could be depicted `` moving under bedclothes '' , while another option is to show `` the closing of a bedroom door and leave the action to the viewer 's imagination . '' Directors are encouraged to find inspiration by revisiting classic films such as It Happened One Night or Casablanca , which were made under the Hays Code that was introduced in the 1930s and prohibited the depiction of sex on screen in Hollywood . Bill Anderson , who has directed episodes of Doctor Who and was part of the team who has worked on the guidelines since June , admitted that shows such as I May Destroy You and Normal People , which contain multiple sex scenes , would not abide with the guidelines . He said that directors and writers would have to come up with different ways to show intimacy , and he encouraged creatives to question whether a sex scene is absolutely necessary . `` At this time when so many people are watching TV , I think that audiences are really hungry for intimacy and connection , '' said Anderson . `` Intimacy is not biology , it 's about mutual vulnerability , an openness and sharing of trust between human beings . If you shoot a sex scene that does n't have intimacy in it you 've totally failed -- what you 've produced is a poorer cousin of pornography . '' For productions that require sex scenes , alternative ideas from the guidelines include motion capture and digital performances , green screen or animation to `` composite the required encounter '' and another suggested option is casting real life couples who wo n't need to socially distance . Director Jessica Hobbs , who worked on the forthcoming series of Netflix 's the Crown , said directors needed to think outside the box in order to work safely during the pandemic . She said : `` For the next few months at least , maybe a year we need to be creative in the way we approach intimacy . We 're not saying ` shut everything down ' , we 're saying let 's look at our material and try to make it safe in the current climate . '' In May , the UK 's biggest broadcasters , including the BBC , ITV , Channel 4 , Channel 5 , Sky and ITN signed up to guidelines which recommended that on-screen talent does their own makeup , while cast and crew were advised to bring their own cutlery and cups to sets . That was part of a push to get the industry , which is worth more than # 16bn to the UK economy every year , back up and running . Several shows , including Line of Duty , are due to start filming by the end of August as the industry starts to resume after grinding to a halt in March , although some shows -- including EastEnders and Top Gear -- were able to start shooting by the end of June .", "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/film/2020/aug/20/filmmakers-told-to-ditch-sex-scenes-to-protect-actors-from-coronavirus", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment": 1.0000061988830566}, "second_cat": {"ArtsEntertainment_Other": 1.0000061988830566}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.36807633100875475, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {'breastfeed': 1}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhgtX34", "stitle": "Study suggests COVID-19 can not be transmitted through breast milk", "seg_title_stem": "study suggest covid-19 can not be transmit through breast milk", "seg_content": "California -LSB- US -RSB- , August 20 -LRB- ANI -RRB- : Answering the critical question of whether COVID-19 can be transmitted through breast milk or not , a recent study suggests that breast milk can not transmit the virus to the infant . The study , which was published in the online edition of JAMA was conducted by the researchers from the University of California San Diego School of Medicine and University of California Los Angeles . The study examined 64 samples of breast milk collected by the Mommy 's Milk Human Milk Research Biorepository from 18 women across the United States infected with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 -LRB- SARS-CoV-2 -RRB- . Although one sample tested positive for viral RNA , subsequent tests found that the virus was unable to replicate , and thus unable to cause infection in the breastfed infant . `` Detection of viral RNA does not equate to infection . It has to grow and multiply in order to be infectious and we did not find that in any of our samples , '' said Christina Chambers , PhD , MPH , co-principal investigator of the study , professor of paediatrics at UC San Diego School of Medicine , director of Mommy 's Milk Human Milk Research Biorepository and co-director of the UC San Diego Center for Better Beginnings . `` Our findings suggest breast milk itself is not likely a source of infection for the infant , '' Chambers added . The current recommendations to prevent transmission while breastfeeding are hand hygiene and sterilising pumping equipment after each use . `` In the absence of data , some women infected with SARS-CoV-2 have chosen to just not breastfeed at all , '' said Grace Aldrovandi , MD , co-principal investigator of the study , chief of the Division of Infectious Diseases at UCLA Mattel Children 's Hospital and a professor of paediatrics in the David Geffen School of Medicine at UC Los Angeles . `` We hope our results and future studies will give women the reassurance needed for them to breastfeed . Human milk provides invaluable benefits to mom and baby , '' added Aldrovandi . Early breastfeeding is associated with a reduced risk of sudden infant death syndrome and obesity in children , as well as improved immune health and performance on intelligence tests . In mothers , breastfeeding has been associated with lower risks for breast and ovarian cancer , cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes . The researchers also mimicked conditions of the Holder pasteurization process commonly used in human donor milk banks by adding SARS-CoV-2 to breast milk samples from two different donors who were not infected . The samples were heated to 62.5-degree celsius for 30 minutes and then cooled to 4-degree celsius . Following pasteurization , infectious virus was not detected in either sample . `` This is a very positive finding for donor milk , which so many infants , especially those born premature , rely on . Our findings fill in some important gaps , but more studies are needed with larger sample sizes to confirm these findings , '' said Chambers . Chambers said future work will not only look at whether breast milk is free of the virus , but also whether it contains active antiviral components . For example , antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 that women may produce after exposure to the virus and then transfer to their infants through breast milk , protecting them from COVID-19 . -LRB- ANI -RRB-", "url": "https://www.birminghamstar.com/news/266147990/study-suggests-covid-19-cannot-be-transmitted-through-breast-milk", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Health": 1.0000100135803223}, "second_cat": {"Health_Other": 1.0000100135803223}}}
{'label': 0, 'score': 0.04838748888748194, 'keywords': {'content_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}, 'title_keywords': {'strict': {}, 'nostrict': {}}}, 'is_adult_title': True, 'code': 0, 'docid': 'no_id'}	{"_id": "0WhhSpdI", "stitle": "Breakthrough for law enforcement to rapidly distinguish hemp vs. controlled marijuana", "seg_title_stem": "breakthrough for law enforcement to rapidly distinguish hemp vs. controlled marijuana", "seg_content": "As hemp-based products experience heightened popularity among consumers , leading forensic scientists collaborate to solve a growing problem for law enforcement , hemp farmers , private citizens and overburdened national labs . Hemp Synergistics , LLC , a biotechnology company dedicated to transform the way consumers use hemp-derived cannabinoid-based formulations , has formed a partnership with leading forensic scientists at Purdue University Northwest 's newly formed Center for Crime , Forensics , and Security Analysis . After a year of research , development , and testing , the teams have developed a new THC Rapid Field Test Kit that gives law enforcement an easy-to-use tool to distinguish hemp from marijuana in less than five minutes . `` Our partnership with Purdue University Northwest will provide law enforcement with the tools they need to protect the civil liberties of private citizens and hemp-based business owners . Up until now , there 's been no in-the-field tool to accurately and effectively detect and respond to deviations in THC levels in products the public is consuming . '' said Ron Fazio , a former forensic scientist and current chief operations officer at Hemp Synergistics . `` As a result , law enforcement is forced to divert valuable resources to investigate , citizens lose liberties , and an otherwise legal industry is hampered . It 's a huge expense that no one wants . '' Currently , law enforcement is obligated to investigate any controlled substance , including marijuana . The trick is being able to quickly and reliably differentiate between hemp and marijuana . Unfortunately , `` hemp '' and `` marijuana '' are the same plant and are legally differentiated only by the amount of Delta-9-THC . Until now , measuring the amount of Delta-9 THC in the field , avoiding an unnecessary arrest or costly investigation , was impossible . The suspected controlled substance would have to be seized as evidence and submitted to a crime lab for full analysis , which can take months and cost thousands of dollars . `` The goal was to develop a test that was easily deployed in the field and was reliable and scientifically defensible -- as opposed to sending a sample back to a lab with expensive high-powered instrumentation , '' continued Fazio . According to Purdue University Northwest 's Dr. Christian Westring , who served on the Board of Directors for the American Society for Crime Laboratory Directors , the nation 's forensic laboratories , most of which are publicly funded , are often backlogged as a result of the nation 's opioid crisis . Routine drug testing for example , can take as long as three months , or more . As a result , complex tests like THC quantitation can take much longer . Current field tests give you a positive or negative result and do n't take into account the exact percentage of THC . Therefore , if a product has a legal amount of THC -- there 's no way of knowing that unless it 's sent to a national lab . For hemp growers , this demonstrates the need for a tool that can accurately measure how close to the legal limit their product is . For law enforcement , this demonstrates the need for precise estimations of how strong a product is and whether or not they should pursue additional sampling . `` The newly formed Center 's primary function bridges academics , research and community engagement -- working with industry partners like Hemp Synergistics and police departments to help solve real world problems around public health and safety , '' said forensic science expert Christian G. Westring , Ph.D. . Director and Professor at the Center for Crime , Forensics , and Security Analysis , who serves on the Organization for Scientific Area Committees -LRB- OSAC -RRB- , a joint initiative of the National Institute of Standards and Technology -LRB- NIST -RRB- and the Department of Justice that supports the development of forensic science standards and guidelines for the United States . According to Brightfield Group , hemp-derived CBD products , particularly within the health and wellness markets , are on track to grow to USD 23.7 Billion by 2023 . Since COVID-19 , consumer demand for CBD-based products , the active ingredient in hemp , has spiked . The scientists at Purdue Northwest and Hemp Synergistics devised innovative improvements to existing lab technologies to create a field-ready application . Built from the ground up , the disposable field test kit test is based on the mechanism of an existing chemistry test used in the Duquenois-Levine reagent test . The scientists used novel modifications such as replacing certain activator chemicals with safe ingredients that minimize exposure while remaining readily deployable . The field test , named TRU -LRB- THC Recognition Units -RRB- , utilizes a colorimetric panel -- much like a pH test -- that provides an identification and semi-quantitation of Delta-9 THC and Delta-9 THCA . Each test costs approximately $ 14 dollars -- compared to the hundreds or thousands of dollars for crime lab testing . `` This product is not designed to replace full forensic laboratory testing , rather it is designed to give a rapid , accurate field test that can identify what does n't need to go to the lab . We estimate it can lower forensic laboratory submittals of suspected marijuana cases by 50 percent , '' said Westring . The product has been rigorously tested at Purdue University Northwest , which follows industry standards for method development and validation . Product deployment for law enforcement and agriculture industries will begin immediately .", "url": "https://phys.org/news/2020-08-breakthrough-law-rapidly-distinguish-hemp.html", "text_category": {"first_cat": {"Science": 0.721798837184906}}}
8.2860426902771
